Gensou Monogatari Kumikyoku - 4th Story CD

~El no Rakuen [->Side:E]~
"I will... probably never get to love her for my entire life...
but still... her existence will have a special meaning to me...
Because... the name of my daughter, yet to be born, was decided long ago..."

──And so, yet again, the door to paradise is unlocked......


                                       Red
On the white ground Scarlet drops trace trails, signposts of sin
Rubbing an old gold coin in his hand as he crawled, the man laughed

Going around as if to sink; a beloved smile waiting right there
As if reaching towards the end of a dream; his hand lands on a door

──And... his reality begins to decay......


Every time the small girl coughs the pain in her chest keeps spring away
Though her blanket is threadbare she still dreams of the day she knew love, of an unforgettable warmth

Sleeping as if to sink; a beloved world at the bottom of the water's surface
As if inviting a hand towards the end of a dream; the door opens

──And... her reality is shattered......


            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise what kind of flowers will bloom?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise what kind of birds sing?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise does my body not hurt anymore?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise can we be together forever?
            Papa
Hey... Father

A night wind tapping the window, panting breaths, a dimly-lit room, an enjoyable chat
The hollow moonlight, white sighs, a dirty room, a girl with thin knees

A question that is repeated over and over; an unrelenting interest in "Paradise"
Ah... the girl fails to see that lying beside her, the corpse is...



"Hey, Papa"
"What is it, El?"
"Don't you know what tomorrow is?"
"It's the birthday of the cutest girl in the world"
"I think a picture book is a good birthday present"


Closed Door ...The man's fantasy becomes a cruel reality Closed Door ...The girl's reality becomes an illusionary fantasy
Closed Door ...The man's paradise becomes an eternal abyss Closed Door ...The girl's abyss becomes a fleeting paradise


    Papa
...Father──in that paradise what kind of love will bloom?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise what kind of love is sung?
    Papa
...Father──in that paradise does my heart not hurt anymore?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise can we be together forever?

             Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise what kind of flowers will bloom?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise what kind of birds sing?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise does my body not hurt anymore?
            Papa
Hey... Father in that paradise can we be together forever?
            Papa
Hey... Father


~Ark~

"Perhaps she is my Elys..."

"──Within the miniature garden masquerading as a cage, manipulating the
                       Organ
forbidden Hippocampus
                                                                                                     God
did you intend to become a conceited yet incompetent Creator......"

(Love wishing to the Ark)



(Collapse. That is the season continuously conceived.
                                                          Soror's               Dreams
A snowy day in February, "A Younger Sister's" Memories)

"The ark which guides us to paradise will release our pitiful souls from the earth
To those who seek salvation, an Ark shall be given"
                              It
《The Thing Given the Name Ark》 glittered silver in the moonlight...

The rain of heartless words betray even memories
Those two were happy, until they failed to reach eternity...

"Hey... why did everything change? Even though we loved each other so deeply..."
                                                                                                                       Knife
Tears were replaced by a smile as she approached, 《The Thing Given the Name Ark》 in hand...

──The Ark of love and hate

"Come... let's return to paradise, brother..."

(Karma. That is the thread being reeled in.
                                                 Frater's               Dreams
A rainy day in June, "An Older Brother's" Memories)

Betrayed by someone she trusted,
the girl escaped to a paradise of a madness called faith
A self-suggestion to soar to a new world
The clear awakening was a lethal weapon called progression

                       Seconds
In his final Moments the memories of a distorted love came forth
                      Heart
His fragile Mentality could bear no longer, on that day he lied...

The more he tried to discipline and regulate, the greater he fell all while being scorched by unforgivable feelings
The wounds of sexual intercourse are deep and sweet, inviting him to destruction...

──The Ark of immorality

"Come... let's return to paradise, brother..."

                                                Soror
Subject #1096 a.k.a. "Younger Sister" has
(Soror with the ark...)
                                                          Frater
killed Subject #1076, a.k.a. "Older Brother"
(Frater in the dark...)

<Case #12>
A model depicting an over-reliant dependency on a projected object, resulting in dead-end
(Soror with the ark...)
                                                                Ark
In other words 《Delusional Ark Dependence Syndrome》
(Frater is dead...)



Becoming ever closer and closer together, remembrance is an illusion similar to insanity
Merely out of desire, as they seek each other's lips little by little they are chased from paradise
                                                    Trauma
Those with matching Psychological Anguish may resonate with each other, but anything beyond that...

"──Within the miniature garden masquerading as a cage, manipulating the
                       Organ
forbidden Hippocampus
                                                                                                     God
did you intend to become a conceited yet incompetent Creator"?...



The petals that bloomed in past days are scattered in the darkness with the dignified
whispering voice of a girl; "let's return to paradise"...

(Love wishing to the Ark)


The watcher looked to the skies and let out a sigh
                  Place
the 《Left Ring Finger》 he lost ached a dull pain

──When his gaze returned to the monitor
Ah...  before anyone had noticed, "The Man in the Mask" stood behind the girl──



~El no Ehon [Majo to Lafrenze]~

How did the door to paradise open...?

Thickly grown dark green trees, the eerie chirping of birds
Deep in the remote woods, the baby was abandoned

Fortunately... or unfortunately... the one who found the baby, abandoned as if out of public scrutiny,
                                                                                                                            Crimson
was the one-eyed witch chased from the kingdom, the 《Extolled Deep-Crimson Witch》 Old Rose

Silver hair, scarlet eyes, and skin as white as snow
the baby who was found grew to become a girl so beautiful shivers went down the spines of anyone who looked...

Continual metempsychosis​ is the foundation of all creation. As long as time flows, it is no exception
The curtain rises upon the story revolving around two paradises, with none the wiser...

"Regretful..."     "Save us..."     "Help me..."

"Lafrenze... don't forget..."

ith her silver hair flowing in the wind, Lafrenze prays for the dead...
Small lips play a requiem, sing Lafrenze and resound eternally...

A serpent which devours time, a canon of burning chain,
                                                    An Elysion
Lycoris blooming fragrantly, A Paradise one cannot return to
Once the candle goes out there will be an impassable river
                                                                                                                Sky
Forgetting even its beginning, it shall embrace the endless Emptiness...

"Regretful..."     "Save us..."

                                                                                                 Harmony
Creature's Voice"──Damn you, Lafrenze" ...The Anechoic Dissonance of mournful cries
Unsatisfied"──Hateful Lafrenze" ...The flames of judgmental curses burn



The living seek paradise on the other shore, all while knowing it to be a fleeting fantasy
The dead as well seek paradise on an unreachable shore
Parting the two shores is the cold, deep water of the river of Hades
The tears flowing from the maiden will never dry it up
But rather... only increase the river of lament's volume...

──The beautiful melody of a harp awakens the maiden from her nightmare
The sad-eyed harp player, the graceful young man's name is......


"Lafrenze... don't forget...
You are the last guardian of the door which protects this world from the dead dwelling in Hades.
You must never break the barrier of purity..."

When her grandmother disappeared, she closed her lips
She knew the wind blowing past was loneliness
When he appeared, she opened her lips
She became so happy she forgot her vow...

──That is
the magic of the instant their hands touch,
                                                    Bell
her beating heart, a small Silver Bell
The magic of the instant their eyes meet,
a forbidden flame, the girl learned of love...

If one is taken away she will yearn for ten, if ten are taken away she will yearn for a hundred
That flame shall not be extinguished until his entire being is burnt up...

"Lafrenze... don't forget..."


Choked with lust, Lafrenze scatters her flower of purity
Ignorant of love and hate, Lafrenze embraces a pitch-black flame
He groped, in search of the beast's cage tethered to darkness
Connected by the girl's womb, descending towards the depths of Hades......


──The sound of footsteps approach
     Orpheus        Eurydice
Soon, He will take Her hand and together, they will run up the staircase of darkness
However, the girl sang a cruel curse in face of his betrayal
h... soon he will... he will turn to look──

"Did the witch give birth to Lafrenze? Did Lafrenze give birth to the witch?
The story lies outside of the pages..."



And thus... the doors to paradise were opened




~Baroque~
"Perhaps she is my Elys..."



Lord, I have killed a person.
                                       Person
I have killed a precious Girl with my own hands.

Now that I think about it, I have been a very timid person ever since I was little.
For some reason I've always been horribly frightened of others.

The world that I'm aware of and the world others are aware of.
The feelings that I know of and the feelings that others know of.

To be "Different" was an unbearable fear I held.
That's because deep down, subconsciously, I knew it led to "Rejection."

I was afraid to join even the most enjoyable-sounding conversations.
I didn't know what kind of smile would fit with other's.

Thinking it would be wonderful to turn to air, I always kept my lips closed.
She was the first person to ever approach me.

                                           Person                   Person
She was such a beautiful Girl, such a kind Girl.
                              Person
She was a striking Girl with a smile as soft as the moon.

At first I didn't know what to do, but I knew from the beginning I liked her very much.
From our long interactions with each other, I learned quite a lot.

To be "Different" is to be "Unique," the "Acknowledgment" of "Others."
What's truly important isn't being the "Same," but being "Understanding of Others."

But, in a certain respect, she and I were simply "Too Different."

I knew the maddening flames of lust which burned my body.
There was nothing I could do anymore, I had "Fallen Too Deeply in Love With Her."

I gathered up my courage and confessed all of my feelings to her.
But my feelings were "rejected" by her.
Her words from that time were very sad.
I knew the decisive "Difference" between us was that we "Could Never Understand Each Other."

From that point onward, my memory is strangely objective.
She ran away crying, and I ran after her.
As if entangled with each other, we tumbled to the pavement, maidens of
                               Baroque
《A Distorted Song of Sexual Perversion》.
All while cursing love, we tumbled down the stone steps......

Is this distorted heart, this distorted shell,
is my red pearl distorted?

I don't confess in hopes of forgiveness from anyone.
Since this sin is the bond which connects her and I.
I won't let this sin be forgiven, even by God......



"In that case, I shall forgive you..."

Baroque Vierge, Baroque deux jeune fille
Virgins of Distortion, Two Girls of Distortion
Baroque Vierge, Baroque deux jeune fille
Virgins of Distortion, Two Girls of Distortion

──A violent thunderstorm, a figure emerges.
Before anyone had noticed, "The Man in the Mask" stood behind the alter──

Baroque Vierge, Baroque deux jeune fille
Virgins of Distortion, Two Girls of Distortion
Baroque Vierge, Baroque deux jeune fille
Virgins of Distortion, Two Girls of Distortion


~El no Shouzou~

White crystalline jewels dance with the wind
A waltz of frost-covered trees, a far-away decayed paradise

A boy with dark eyes brushes past the wind
Frost-covered trees line the path to an abandoned house, deep in the forest

The boy finds the painting of a girl
and "He" falls in love with the morbidly-white "Her"...

In childish handwriting, the strangely distorted title is signed
【To my beloved daughter Elys, on her 8th birthday…】

A fantasy leading towards decadence, a romance that continues to weave immorality,
Sorrow born to embrace pain,
The Fourth Horizon──The name of that paradise is "ELYSION"

──And so, yet again, the door to paradise is unlocked......

                                                                       E
Soon, the boy will search for his 《IdeaL》...
                                                               E
Soon, the boy will find his 《KeyhoLe》...
                                                                E
Soon, the boy will search for his 《ELysion》...
                                                         E
Soon, the boy will find his 《GirL》...


If the daughter is born to the mother and gives birth to a daughter,
then the original sin of losing paradise will continue for eternity......


In between the door of the beginning and the door of the end
El        Abyss
"E" and "A" attract each other──the portrait of love and hate

Dying their hands in the forbidden, they fall in love again and again
Eve      Adam
"E" and "A" seek each other──the portrait of love and hate

                                                         Man                                                 Woman
Soon the boy will kill himself for ♂ and the girl will kill herself for ♀
What kind of paradise will the sinners wandering the wastelands of time build?

──The illusion that "E"lysion continues to show is in fact the visage of "E"den which should have remained lost
Ah... in that beautifully barren world how many fantasies will run about?──


~Yield~

"Perhaps she is my Elys..."

An only daughter sows her seeds diligently
in an unchanging past, in a never-arriving future

Do you laugh at the barrenness of such a task?
If that's the case, you must be happy...

Waiting under the lingering snow for spring, once summer passes it'll be a bountiful fall...

Harvest... Harvest... It Yields Fruits
Results... Harvest... It Bears Fruits

La la Latest Harvest... it Yields Sweets
The Latest Harvest... it Bears Sweet Fruits


                                                                       Dream
It doesn't matter if it was a one-night Love Affair
because the woman can make even that last an eternity

Do you laugh at the barrenness of such a love?
Then of course, you must be happy...

Dreaming on a frozen night, once summer passes feelings bear fruit...

Harvest... Harvest... It Yields Fruits
Consequences... Harvest... It Bears Fruits

La la Latest Harvest... it Yields Sweets
The Latest Harvest... it Bears Sweet Fruits



3... an unstable number, 3-1... an exemplary expression
it is not the nature of the individual which is the problem but merely... the quantity as a symbol
As long as the world seeks to be stable, one must be subtracted quickly or else...



                      People                                                                                 Time
Why do Human Beings fall in love, can't they find an adequate Season?
Ah... Dad... Mom
"──But still, I want to be happy......"



     Sweet, la la Sweet, la la Bright-Red Fruit
Awakening Love, Sweet Fruit, Bright-Red Fruit
If it can't be picked, it can be cut and reaped...
    Sweet, la la Sweet, la la Bright-Red Fruit
Awakening Love, Sweet Fruit, Bright-Red Fruit
Ah... but isn't that a head......?


  Women  Man
Two ♀, one ♂. Who is the most unfortunate?
Fallen fruit... the sound of rolling, excess numbers... the sound of subtracting

3-1+1-2

──The last to appear was "The Man in the Mask"
Who will be left alone in that wasteland once they vanish──



~Eru no Tenbin~
"Murder, theft, kidnapping, smuggling."
―As if
selling his soul to the devil, he would do anything for money.
It is not a question of means; for the man, the ends were everything.
The severe reality, the man desperately needed money...

The scale continuously tilts, and before the left plate sinks,
the right plate needs money to raise the left, even if by force...
And so... on that night as well, the mask danced to the tune of the scales......

As if cloaked in darkness, they searched the silence of the night for each other's eyes
In the romantic moonlight, lips softly touch as they hold their breaths...

They hastily elude their pursuers passing by, hand in hand
The two lives drunk on dramatic escapades dedicate their lives to love...

Goodbye... A useful card for the hounds of power...
Goodbye... Selling a daughter to buy a throne most supreme...


                                                                                                    Man Woman
Even while knowing love between status is unforgivable, ♂ and ♀ attract each other
Kicking aside the sadistic aristocracy and slipping out of its cage Ah, what a tragedy...

On the gameboard of destiny, vying for domination life and death compete
A drastic drama of mourning, to laugh is to live Ah, rather, what a comedy...

Goodbye... A world where those bought by coin betray others
Goodbye... If you are an outsider, blaming absurdity is pitiful


The journey to paradise, setting sail to freedom. At the end of their escape they reach the edge of a shore.
When a man dressed as a boatman appears and snaps his fingers, black figures cloaked in shadows surround the boat......

"You mustn't worry about the return fare as you can rest assured, I have already received more than enough.
However, this is where he must say goodbye"

"What a pity..."

"As long as the girl returns safe and sound, everything is fine.
                    Man                                 Gotten Rid of
As for the Servant, I don't care if he's Killed"
──The countess said, without looking up even once... as a bag of gold coins dropped to the table...

Even though people are always happier ignorant,
as long as they seek others, they'll learn to know everything
──Why do they step down the path towards ruin?

A lavish wedding, a happy bride. What kind of scenario does the goddess of destiny desire...?
A farce wedding, a missing bride. The goddess of ruin will not overlook any open seam...

Ah... pain sears through his back. With his outstretched hand, the man feels something stab into him
Ah... while seeing his hand stained scarlet red, the man in the mask slowly collapses...

Ah... behind him a girl stands, staring with a fearful look.
Ah... she steps back and, while yelling something, she runs away into the deepening darkness...

──Within the watery bottom of his fading consciousness, he struggles to grab a rusty key
The door is right in front of him. He must hurry for soon, soon it will be his daughter's promised──


~Sacrifice~

"Perhaps she is my Elys..."

Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...
Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...

Because my younger sister, with such an innocent smile
was loved by God, was happy from birth

Such an adorable angel, who can't do anything by herself
everyone loved her, and so I envied her

Don't pity such an unbecoming person such as I...
                                                                  That Person
"──For making me feel so miserable, My Sister should just die..."

Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...
Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...

The next day my sister fell ill with a fever and slept in,
I'm sorry God, that wish of mine was a lie

Perhaps my confession had been received, as my sister's fever receded
But this time, our mother fell into the depths of illness

The words she left to me at the end of her life were...
       That Child               Other People     You
"──Your Sister is not like Others, Her Elder Sister must help her..."

Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...
Sacrifice, Sacrifice, Ah...


When our mother died, change arrived swiftly
I worked from morning to night just to get by

The men of the village were very nice to us, but
the women of the village were cold to us, one by one

Though we lived a poor life, we had warmth...
                                                                                         Happy
"──We live shoulder-to-shoulder, but still we are Joyful in our own way..."

But still, then why did you treat her this cruelly...? Tell me God!
                                                         That Girl
Is the child you bestowed upon My Sister not a child of God?




──The night it was discovered my sister was with child,
the men looked at each other and kept their mouths shut.
The heavy silence was broken by a loud, ear-splitting slap
as a young seamstress struck my sister...

"Thieving cat..." "and here we pitied you..." "We looked 'after you!" "ungrateful brat!"

Fragmented memories... judgmental accusations...
                                Person
Ah... what is that Woman spouting?! How disgusting
My world faltered, and I leaped to grab the seamstress...

Scarlet tinted vision, the taste of bitter earth and rust, argued words flew above her head, the angry priest's voice rang;

"Purity..." "...contract with the devil!" "...seeds of damnation..." "Saint Mary's..."
"...no one..." "Gabriel..." "Burn her at the stake!"

"Ah... so the real demons are you!"

"──And... in the end my sister said "Thank You"..."

How many heartless words, how many heartless acts, hurt that girl?
But even so... she was a kind girl... so she surely forgave everything...

"If this world is but a substitute for paradise, then let all sinful things equally return to ash!"

──A barefooted girl with a smile frozen to her face.
Wavering flames, beyond the darkness she stared at "The Man in the Mask"──



~El no Ehon [Fuebuki Otoko to Parade]~

"Where did that parade come from...?"



Ah... that parade goes on forever...

"Dear friends, prisoners innocent of any crime.
We have been freed of the chains binding us to the world.
Anyone is free to join, but leaving is impossible.
The procession at twilight... Welcome to The Paradise Parade!"

The parade goes on forever anywhere → towards the end of the world
A man in a mask leads the front playing a flute → his back to the setting sun
The parade goes on forever anywhere → towards the end of the world
A girl sits on the man's shoulder and sings → to the sound of his flute

A demonically alluring sound to those whose hearts bear deep scars...


"Hey dear friends, my less-than-fortunate neighbors.
We have been freed of the chains binding us to the world.
Anyone is free to join, but leaving is impossible.
A transient demise... Welcome to The Paradise Parade!"

The parade goes on forever anywhere → towards the end of the world
A woman with flaming-red hair dances  → her back against the setting sun
The parade goes on forever anywhere → towards the end of the world
        Grotesque
The 《Creepy》 tattoo of the hanged clown laughs → to the sound of the flute

A demonically alluring sound to those whose hearts bear deep darkness...

Lured by the sound of the flute, they line up one by one
Before long, the parade will block the setting sun and fill the horizon...



"For example, a girl who believed in the ark...
For example, a maiden with the distorted pearl...
For example, a daughter who made a mistake in harvest...
For example, a sister who sacrificed her sister...
For example, a woman who was compelled to dance by stardust...
No one can escape from Abyss, the man in the mask..."

"Good day, dear pitiful girl, Welcome to The Paradise Parade!"

Manipulated by the sound of the flute, they join one by one
Before long, the parade will betray the setting sun and scorch the horizon...

Ah... that parade goes on forever...



"Where is that parade heading to...?"




~Stardust~

"Perhaps she is my Elys..."

We're matching right? With this we're the same, Ah happiness...

『StarDust』



A woman is not just a cute silent doll
―Do you understand, my dear?
                                                                       Thing
Not simply a tool to satisfy your tiny Self-Esteem
                                      Another
―Is your moonlit 《Other Self》 that selfish?

I couldn't tighten my hands around you, even if to strangle you
              Luna
―Did The Moon drive you crazy?

But it's not as if I can help it, I've fallen so deeply in love with you
                          Stella
―Why have The Stars driven me crazy?

Bright-red dress, bright-red heels,
                     Rouge
bright-red Lipstick, bright red roses
Every man who passes by turns for a second glance...

A bouquet of flowers in my left hand, a promise in my right,
and an impulse surging through me that can't be stopped...

We're matching right? With this we're the same, Ah happiness...
                        Shirt                                                      Scarlet
That white Costume of yours is now a brilliant Deep-Red

We're matching right? With this we're the same, Ah happiness...

"I don't care if I'm dust now
because someday dust can become a star.
Is it shining? Hey, am I shining?"



"The starry sky is so stunning..." ...The beautiful woman sighs
"You're far more stunning..." ...The romantic man whispers
Lovers look up to the night sky, a common scenery.

Repeated scenes of romance, such a trivial thing.
Believing that such fleeting, capricious moments were eternity,
believing that such uncertain things were destiny
They cried, they laughed, they loved, they hated,
in those brief moments, they thought of lights far in the past.

Have those stars already vanished?
Or, are they still shining brightly towards their own vanishing?
In face of the tremendous scale of light years
a human life may be nothing more than a transient illusion...

―Such trivial things. However, though a coincidence,
Ah... though a coincidence, she saw them nevertheless.
Dressed in matching white, he and a stranger walking happily side by side.
He, and an unfamiliar woman......



We're matching right? With this we're the same, Ah happiness...
                        Shirt
That white Costume of yours is now―

"Why...? Why?! WHY?!?!"



The red, touched by oxygen, will eventually turn black
showing the fact that the two of them can no longer be one for eternity...

Frozen stars of silvery lapis lazuli,
a glimmer of vanishing that shines forth
Lead me to a dream of a lost paradise

           The Light of StarDust
《Phantom Lights of StarDust》

―As long as she is unable to bury the lights of the past,
that lonely phantom shall continue to wander the wilderness.
Sadly, her hand is too short to reach the stardust

Ah... the one to grab her outstretched hand is "The Man in the Mask"―





~El no Rakuen [->side:A->]~

Hearing someone's voice calling to her, the girl wakes up
Embraced by a soothing breeze, she soars to the clear sky

Someone... is crying...

Is it my imagination? (Yes, it's your imagination...)
No... it's not that (Then, you misheard the wind...)
You don't cry in paradise (Right, you don't cry...)
after all, it's paradise (after all, it's paradise...)

Somewhere... there's crying...

Is there pain? Is there suffering? (Here? Not at all...)
Is it a world full with happiness? (Yes, that's what paradise is...)
You don't cry in paradise (Right, you don't cry...)
after all, it's paradise (since it's paradise...)

Actually... I know the truth... (Someone... is crying..)


"The Fourth Horizon, the true form of that paradise is..."

The sky is desolate, the trees are withered, the flowers crumble and decay
the rotten ground falls into the depths of darkness...
El is born, El is in pain, El is at the end of all hopes
Seeking a peaceful sleep, she falls with a smile...

Ark
"The wishes placed on an ark..."
Baroque
"...seek each other with a distorted pearl..."
Yield
"...while longing for an ideal harvest..."
Sacrifice
"...but blindly making great sacrifices..."
StarDust
"...until they eventually reach out to the stardust"

                                                                                                             El
If you fall without being led to temptation by the four 《Paradises》 in between,
                            Abyss
you will reach 《Hell》


                                                                                                                           Dream
Where did we come from, where are we going, is this all someone's Fantasy?
without ever noticing the outstretched hand, and falling...
El is weary, El is mourning, El is at the shore of all hopes
Seeking a peaceful sleep, she falls with a smile...


──A fantasy leading towards decadence, a romance that continues to weave immorality,
Sorrow born to embrace pain,
The door that opens again and again, The Fourth Horizon──
The name of that paradise is "ELYSION," also known as "ABYSS"






~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~5th Story CD - Roman

~Asa to Yoru no Roman~

The story[roman] of the morning of birth and the night of death… (laurant)
Ah...this loneliness of ours are《Jewels》[pierre] that bear resemblance in color

The meaning of birth. The meaning of death. This present time you're living in.
A 《Message》of 11 words. Fantasy Story[roman]. 『The Fifth Horizon』

-Roman

"...can roman be found there?"

All while crying, we come along the way, embracing the same pain
All while laughing, we go along the way, across the distant horizon

On your lips that I happen across, ah...let's bring to life my song... (la vie)
A《Story》[roman] connected someday-

All while crying, we come along the way, embracing the same sadness
All while laughing, we go along the way, across the distant horizon

On your lips that I happen across, ah...let's bring to life my song... (la vie)
A《Story》[roman] connecting us-

The story[roman] of the morning of birth and the night of death... (laurant)
Ah...this transience of ours are《Flowers》[fleur] that bear resemblance in color

The windmill of the sun. The cradle of the moon. The story[roman] of a wandering 《Flame》[light].
Broken dolls. A man of corpse. The story of a 《Fantasy》[darkness] that cheats time.

Miss Violette on the right arm....
[C'est Mademoiselle Violette qu'elle est dans le bras droite...]
And...
[et]
Miss Hortense on the left arm...
[C'est Mademoiselle Hortense qu'elle est dans le bras gauche..]

Ah...go around in my place...in that world-
Is there a Story[roman] leading to my birth?

"Now, go ahead."
"Yes, master."

"The commotion of coming to life. The windmill of the sun."
"The peace of going to death. The cradle of the moon."

We are wandering《Windmills》[Moulin a vent], swaying in remembrances
Whichever horizon we may happen upon, we shall bring to life a song-

This is-
The Story[roman] of me (laurant), who died before being born (laurant)
Ah...even if we may never meet again, an 《Adoration》[roman] of living now-
-I'll keep singing (We'll keep searching) → so that you may not lose your way...

Between "Morning and Night"
The "Flame" wavers Yearning to grasp the "Jewel"
An "Arm" reaches out
If the "Windmill" spins
"Stardust" will glitter
The "Angel" smiles upon
"Beautiful" illusions
To the intoxication[dreams] charmed by "Wine"
The "Sage" avoids
The true meaning of the "Message"
That the "Horizon" knows of

Death in his right hand. Life in his left hand.
The never-tilting balance of winter.

"Master Hiver..."
"Out of my way..."
"The commotion of coming to life...the windmill of the sun.."
"Between morning and night..."
"All that attended the funeral..."
"...tearing apart...he appears again..."
"Hey, wait for me!"
"The peace of going to death...the cradle of the moon..."
"Bonsoir..."
"Even when drenched in rain, there was no other choice but to continue walking..."
"Don't mess up, Laurencin."
"I saw the world's most beautiful light..."
"Au revoir..."
"Who is the assailant..."
"I've been searching for you...Christopher.."
"In the shade of the setting sun, the blade shines dark-scarlet..."
"From a cruel destiny...."
"Loraine..."
"He'll kill me..."
"Hey...Savant?"
"Goodbye..."

Roman

"Thank you..."

"Can roman be found there?"
"Who is the liar...?"




~Honoo~

A light called a period of peace, terrible conflicts always existed in its shadow
All those present in the funeral procession had few words
Even when drenched in rain, there was no choice but to keep walking...

Closing my eyes, I repeat my sighs in darkness
The warm light I brushed over was a small beat
The book[God] bound in buts[mais] controls history
The burning light I brushed over was someone’s 『Flame』...

If you realize, your path is constantly filled with hardships
But not even one unbearable pain will come upon you...

A white morning sobbing in happiness, a dark night lamenting in sadness
Let’s connect these days we’ve walked through to those who are to be born...
The azure sky reflected in eyes, the pale blue ocean that dissolved tears
Let’s leave this world[place] we loved to our beloved ones...

Ah...morning and night repeat, even when glittering sands fall
Ah...morning and night repeat, even when beloved flowers wither
Ah...morning and night repeat, even when fingers held in promise are separated...
Ah...repeating morning and night, 《Life》[people] goes around...

I saw a beautiful 『Flame』[light]...on the dark horizon that embraces death
Let’s bring to life a few 『Songs of Love』in this world filled with hate...

No matter how long the night may be, morning shall eventually arrive-

So that you won’t be lonely by yourself, I place the 《Twin Dolls》[la poupee] by your sides
I send you, never waking, off with a small coffin as a cradle...
Swaying with happiness is the 《Violet Flower》[Violette], drenched in sadness is the 《Light Blue Flower》[Hortensia]
I give you, never to be born, this song that someone weaved...

Does history create books, or do books create history?
If you can’t live forever, then there is no way of knowing everything
Going around the horizon of morning and night, 『the Fifth Journey』
Will the day when separated ones are connected again arrive?

A nostalgic melody- Whose lips are those-
Ah...the one singing the《Story》is...

“Can roman be found there...?”



~The Unseen Arm~

In his sleepless nights, he takes out his anger on a dirty female cat[chatte] in the alleyways...
Ah...strangling with that unseen arm...
《Phantom Dream》[fantome de reve] The pain of a crumbling ego...

In a sane state of drunkenness, he thrashes about in his castle[chateau] in the attic...
Ah...the searing pain of that unseen arm...
《Phantom Pain》[fantome douleur] Dousing himself with cheap wine, he sleeps...

“After General Alvarez--------!!”

The aged forest of beasts, stained by sunset...the two men that met on the battlefield...
The blond-haired knight[laurant], the red-haired knight[laurant]...
Conflicts spread...and corpses are piled up...
Who is the assailant...and who is the sufferer?
In the shadow of the setting sun, the blade shines a scarlet black-

His life[sa vie], taken along with his arm
He was jobless, and his lover left...
The worst kind of life[la vie], with everything lost and taken away
Living in fear of sudden bouts of pain...

“Usually[le plus souvent]...you beat me when disturbed by nightmares...
And if this keeps up...I’ll die someday...
Farewell[au revoir]...I love you more than anyone else...
Still...I don’t think you’d make a good father[pere] for this child in my belly...”

Wine[du vin]...champagne[du champagne]...brandy[de l'eau-de-vie]...

Ah...tearing apart the calmness of the slumbering forest...he appears again...

The image of him riding a horse...a nightmare indeed...shaking his hair loose, he swings the reaper’s scythe...
The image of him harvesting heads...a windmill indeed...scarlet flowers blooming vividly, the courageous needle of mentality...
Lightly cloaking himself with darkness-

Is this the reality he wakes up to, or is he still delirious in a dream?
That’s why...his life afterwards is trapped within pain...filled with wine and madness
A cross-shaped scar on his left cheek, brightly burning red hair with brown eyes
Kill him...the arm aches, 『the Unseen Arm』aches...

Who is the assailant...who is the sufferer...search for the reaper and bury him...

“I’ll kill you!”

The knight[chevalier] straddles a horse again...time changes the world in silence-
The two men[laurant] that met again in a foreign bar...

One-eyed and one-armed...dead drunk and intoxicated...
Ah...not a trace remains of his former valor...

The man that sprung out of nowhere holds a black sword[epee noir] in his hands
(“Out of my way.” “Woah!”)
The fluid[sang] splattered around bears a liking to wine[pinot noir]
(“Who the hell...are you...ahhh!”)
The name of the flower offered while stabbing is- “Good evening.”[bon soir]
(“Bon soir.”)
The name of the song brought to life while drawing out is- “Farewell.”[au revoir]
(“Au revoir.”)

The name of the man that fell down is Laurant...the name of the man that ran away is Laurencin...
The other Laurant...merely stood there, struck dumb...

Who is the assailant? Who is sufferer? The victims just keep piling up
Going around...spinning around...the windmill of hatred...dancing...dancing...just like a flame...
Ah...in the shade of the pillar...is the silhouette of a young boy...watching...with brown eyes...

“Nothing ever goes right in life, but this pain is the proof that I lived.”

The curtains draw close on the stage of revenge...and the man starts to think-
About his remaining arm...his remaining life...its unseen meaning-

A glass filled to the brim with wine...its taste lingers in his heart...

“Can roman be found there...?”


~Norowareshi Houseki~

“Don’t mess up, Laurencin.”
“Right back at ya, Hiver.”

A miracle nurtured by Mother Earth. A gemstone said to be the largest in the world. 30 carat, red diamond... [trente carat, diamant rouge]

A trail left behind through changing hands. Its specialty is a reservation in ranks of the dead. 30 carat... 『Queen Slaughter』[trente carat, Reine Michele]

A locked glass case[verre]; a gem[pierre] sleeping elegantly; within dreams of passing days...
Severe disillusionment[deuil]; wordless pride[orgueil]; even the reaper is within her grasp...
『She』is the Queen[Reine], not a single person struggles against her. They don’t allow her to escape her cage...

A cunning girl[fille]; an old woman[vielle] who danced with shadows; she decorated a great many necks...
A showy prostitute[courtisan]; a queen[flower] covered in mud; she cut off a great many necks...
A scene changing round and round, a vivid dream. She won't allow you to escape until you've lost it...

A 【blessing】turned 【curse】. The irony of fate...
The unknown 《Story》[roman] behind『her』birth.

The man dug, not knowing that the dark hole would be his grave
The man dug, not knowing that the cave leads to hell

Embraced by destiny[eternity] within the closed darkness
Forgetting even food and sleep, he dug
As if dancing within the song brought to life
The corroded gears spin madly...[Et il tourne follment]

-The mysterious fog that tempts the man...
What appeared before his eyes is a beautiful raw ore never seen before
As if drawn in by its magic, the man stretched a shaking hand towards it...

【Fortune】[bien chance]...ah...my lovely sister[Noel] who put up with hardships until now
【Fortune】[bien chance]...ah...with this, I can raise my chest high and see you of-

←The mine concierge, his eyes shining with greed←
←The hook-nosed jeweler[commercant], his eyes changing color←
←The one-eyed artisan, doubting his own eyes←
←Round and round goes....the roulette of the reaper[Dieu]→
At times, even in the seemingly firm wall of ethics, holes open easily...

【Misfortune】[malchance]...ah...waiting on her brother, one never to return, the sister refuses to marry...
【Misfortune】[malchance]...ah...waiting for a love, one never to change, the winter night sky...

“Geez...brother Hiver...”

Her chin resting on her hand...a sigh...the daughter of a doll maker...the 《Twin Dolls》standing on the windowsill...

“Hah...just when are you coming back...”

A locked glass case[verre]; a gem[pierre] sleeping elegantly; within dreams of passing days...
Shadows[ombre] closing in; scarlet darkness[tenebres] blending in; the robbers are in the room...
Failure brings punishment[peine], a life-risking mission. They won't let their target escape...

“Damn...we’re getting outta here!”
“Hey, wait up!”

A prince not on his white horse, a somewhat violent kiss[Baiser]
Ah...『she』is release into the world again-

A miracle nurtured by Mother Earth. A gemstone said to be the largest in the world. 30 carat, red diamond... [trente carat, diamant rouge]

A trail left behind through changing hands. Its specialty is a reservation in ranks of the dead. 30 carat... 『Queen Slaughter』[trente carat, Reine Michele]

“Can roman be found there...?”



~Hoshikazu no Kawahimo~

Hello, nice to meet you!”[ Salut, enchantee!]

My outstretched hand-
Ah...my lovely princess[etoile], tries her best to grasp it with her tiny fingers.
So that the path you walk may sparkle, 『Star』[etoile]...

One rainy morning...when the girl wakes up as usual...
Beside her bed were her gentle father...and a huge black dog...
The scent of rain...a tickled cheek...a somewhat nostalgic warmth...
A small older sister and a big younger sister...two people and one animal...the special morning when they became family...

Ah...I don’t know of the stars, since lights too faraway will not reach me...
Ah...I was told that I’ll eventually lose even the tiny amount of sight I have...

I’m sorry...mother...this name...
[Excusez-moi...ma mere...ce nom... ]
I just can’t bring myself to like it....
[Je n'aime pas cet absolument de meme]
Ah...I’m sorry...
[excusez-moi...]

Be brave-
Ah...though I went outside with Pleut, the speeds at which we walk are completely different...
Ah...in a world sinking into darkness, even a slight bump is enough to make me trip...

I’m sorry...father...this pair of eyes...
[Excusez-moi...mon pere...ce yeux... ]
I just can’t bring myself to like them...
[Je n'aime pas cet absolument de meme...]
Ah...I’m sorry...
[excusez-moi...]

What a thin leash[harnais]-
Our hearts aren’t connected...though my dog[pleut] is by my side...I’m all alone...

It’s difficult for two beings raised differently to understand each other...
Even more so when the two in question are a human and a dog...
Afterwards...those two were together in whatever they did, whenever the time...
Seemingly wanting to bury the blank times...

The older sister diligently took care of the younger sister...the younger sister often helped her out and obeyed her...
To make up for their father’s inconvenient arm, they did their best...
That is...as supple as rain soaking the earth...
Like waiting for spring beneath the snow...like making a small flower bloom...

My hand is taken by a sudden gust of wind[rafale]...and I let the leash[harnais] go...
But I’m not afraid anymore...because we’re connected through an『Unseen Bond』[Stardust Leash]...

What a weak older sister-
But still...thank you...because my younger sister[pleut] was by my side...
I can go anywhere...
I love you...because my younger sister[pleut] was by my side, I became strong...

I saw a dream when embraced by the starry sky...a memory[dream] of the morning you were born...
Within the dream sparkling in silver...I saw a fantasy[dream] of the fallen sands gathering themselves again....
Ah...what did I come for...I’m glad that I finally understand-

Don’t forget...I won’t forget...
The world flickering in pain...The world shining in darkness...
That you walked in with your mother...That I walked in with you...
Ah...may love always be...Ah...may life always be...
Within the twinkle of stardust...Within the sparkle of stardust...

The night when stars of prayer pour down → Pleut took her last breath silently...
The morning when the rain of mourning pours down → taken out from her cold stomach
Was a small warmth harboring light → a puppy with grey fur →
-and the wings of the《Story》[roman] will soar across the horizon with ease
In order to roam freely on that nostalgic and beautiful《Field》someday...

“Can roman be found there...?”



~Hiiro no Fuusha~

The spinning, turning 《Crimson Windmill》[Moulin rouge], blooming beautiful flowers
The dancing, dancing 《Blood-red Windmill》[Moulin rouge], scattering beautiful flowers

A glasswork sitting on a small hand...
If we call that jewel 『Happiness』...
What kinds of marks were left on this era by the atrocities of that night...
And what kinds of scars were left on them...

The boy who laments the position of the weak, tossed by destiny...
Will eventually yearn for 『Power』...
Is that...a 『Shield』to protect himself from mighty powers?
Or...a mightier『Sword』with which to suppress them?

I don’t really know what’s happening...
The mad[lune] harmony of screams and the savor[saveur] of burnt flesh...
I don’t really know who attacked us...
But...I’m sure...of just one thing...it’s dangerous for me to be here...

I’ll take my most important 《Treasure》[thing]
And make a run for it → I took your hand...

Ah...not even knowing why, the two ran breathlessly
The people who run amuck with overflowing greed will give chase...

Following stardust, hidden in the darkness leading to the forest...
Not even knowing why, the two held their breaths and shook
Fearing overflowing despair, they held each other in tight embraces-
Suddenly, your body was dragged aloft in the air →
Your eyes, filled with fear ← bore into my retreating back...

Experiencing a maddening 《Season》[time]...and the boy’s 《Time》was thrown into constant change...

The spinning, turning 《Crimson Windmill》[Moulin rouge], sending off burning《Time》
The dancing, dancing 《Blood-red Windmill》[Moulin rouge], welcoming a frozen《Moment》

Ah...if we were reborn...let’s make a small flower bloom...
I’m sorry...I won’t run away next time; I’ll wither by your side...
(Moulin Rouge)

“Can roman be found there...?





~Tenshi no Chouzou~

Honored by generations hereafter with the title of 【One who possessed the hands of God】-
The sculptor 『Auguste Laurant』
Disappearing in the midst of war and returning with peace
A sculpture veiled with mysteries even today, his matchless masterpiece
The unknown 《Story》[roman] behind the 『Angel』...

"One who gives life to cold, lifeless stones.
This is but an exaggeration adopted by the world at large.
For I am merely accepting things the way they are with my two hands-
And as if planting a kiss on that warmth, give form to my imaginations...”

On top of that hill, with the spinning 《Windmill》[Moulin a vent] holding the sky in an embrace
Stands the uninviting silhouette of his 《Atelier》in silence...

He drew in solitude, not even knowing the expression[face] of his child...

【What I lack is not the design at my fingertips- but the imagination to surpass reality】
"Ah...light...ah...give me more light! 『In other words, creation』...the light of melancholy..."

Despite a vow taken for life, he steps into the monastery
He listens to the laughter of the children on the other side of the wall...
"That 《Jewel》[stone] that you grasp in your hand now is a fragile being
Do not let go of that hand...even when attacked..."

He drew alone, day by day, not even knowing the smile[face] of his child...

【What I need is not regret of past days- but the love[affection] to weave fantasies】
"Ah...light...ah...give me more light! 『In other words, expiation』...the light of salvation..."

No matter how much of a sage one may be, one cannot stop the flow of sands
In the silver hourglass prepared for him, only few specks remain...

A small 《Flame》, ignited in this world at the expense of his mother's light
This is the last struggle of the foolish man who had come to hate that shine...
He spread the wings of imagination, and eventually, wings spread on the 『Sculpture』’s back-
"Ah...I have no regrets anymore. You finally smiled for me..."

“It’s okay now, daddy.”

“Can roman be found there...?”




~Utsukushiki Mono~

This melody that you dearly loved...a harmonica resounding throughout the skies...
The canvas[toile] on your windowsill, embraced by angels...hey...is that landscape painting[paysage]...beautiful?

That is-[c’est]
Carried by the wind...the light petals...the remembrance of spring...
What a beautiful sound...the singing girl[Monica]...the chirping of the birds...the clock’s hand moves →
That is-
Connecting azure...the flowing clouds...the remembrance of summer...
What a beautiful sound...the singing girl[Monica]...the shower of cicadas...the clock’s hand moves →

I won’t forget...the scenery you said was...beautiful...
In order to gather...『Beautiful Things』...Life[people] comes to be-

The short season[saison] you embraced...all while being pelted by the rain of pain...
“Don’t worry”...you said while smiling...I’ll never forget that visage of yours...

That is-
Smiling down at the windowsill...the moon at night...the remembrance of autumn...
What a beautiful sound...the singing girl[Monica]...the buzzing of the bugs...the clock’s hand moves →
That is-
Covering the ground...the napping snow...the remembrance of winter...
What a beautiful sound...the singing girl[Monica]...the cold wind of time...the clock’s hand moves →

How beautiful...I will never forget...the scenery you’ve lived through...
In order to gather...『Beautiful Things』...Life[people] passes away-

The dazzling season[saison] you ran through...all while being burnt by the flames of sickness...
“Ah...how beautiful”...you died while smiling...I’ll never forget that image of yours...

The morning of your birth...I was still a crybaby...though I was small, I became a big sister-
I was so happy...and slightly embarrassed...but so very proud...

The fields of life filled with suffering
We roam them in search of 『Beautiful Things』
The sleeping face of yours when you set off towards the boundless horizon
I thought that was more beautiful than anything else...

This melody that you dearly loved...a harmonica resounding throughout the skies...
The canvas[toile] on your windowsill, embraced by angels...hey...is that landscape painting[paysage]...beautiful?

“I saw...the most beautiful flame[light] in this world. I’ll hold that flower to my chest, and sing for Laurent as well.”

“Can roman be found there...?”




~The Wine of Happiness and Sadness~

That is a 《Flame》flickering in happiness, a 《Jewel》glittering in sadness
In many lives...on many tables...her 『Wine』was present-
A female who continuously challenged tyrannical fate – 「Loraine de Saint-Laurent」
Half of her life lived with the earth...its unknown 《Story》[roman]

Ah...again, she stands on her fields today; a seemingly long yet short 《Flame》[light]
Things gained and things lost, most of them are long past her...
Ah...no matter how many times seasons[saison] pass, what remains unchanged is right there
The servant[employe] of her gentle grandpa; a 『Vineyard』[climat] shared with her beloved

Ah...reminiscence sometimes leaves a faint sweet taste
Like the pleasure[plaisir] experienced when harvesting ripe fruits...

Ah...the delicate[delicat] pruning of grape trees[vigne] should be ideally done under low temperatures and humidity
The makers’[vigneron] hasty spring begins after the festival of the patron saint[saint Vincent]...
Ah...if you desire an unreasonable quantity[quantite], naturally the quality[qualite] will suffer
Giving grain[un grain]...by grain[et un grain] sufficient love[amour], that is the role of parents...

Ah...reminiscence sometimes leaves a faint bitter taste
Like the pain[peine] experienced when harvesting bruised fruits...

Ah...women are not political tools...
They’re meant to live a life[la vie] bonded to their beloved
But...aristocrats[noble] can’t even achieve that
Let’s throw away such a 『World』[things]...

“Too bad...”

A father[pere] bent on authoritarianism, a stepmother[mere] married to squander Though a distinguished family, if they lean towards extravagance, then it’s just a matter of time before they collapse...
To shake off the shadow of decline...the Count’s[les conte]...last 《Trump Card》[carte]...his daughter’s marriage...
Ah...not even knowing that the marriage is just for show-
The stepmother’s[woman’s] 《Jewel》wore a rouge smile...

The song untold by the horizon...the days of flight and fight...in order to regain important things...
Her life after that...was no matter of importance...

I doubt that I’ll love anyone else in my lifetime, and I probably don’t even have the right to...
But if I can quench someone’s thirst[soif], I’ll gladly give this body up...

My lovely children, sleeping within the oak[chene] barrels...
Hey...what are you dreaming of?

The sweetness[douceur] of the fruits[pinot], the astringency[astringent] of the peels[tinnin]; the earth’s blessing[terroir] left behind by my beloved...
『Happiness』[joie] and 『Sadness』[chagrin] interwoven in harmony, such is the taste of my 『Wine』[mon vin]...
-And...that is 《Life》...[et c’est la vie]

“Can roman be found there...?”



~Tasogare no Kenja~

His name is 『Sage』[savant]-
More precisely, that’s what most people call him...his true name is completely unknown...
The first time I met him was...at the dusk of a certain spring day...in a deserted suburban park...

Good evening-[bon soir]

“Such a gloomy face you have, young Miss. Is something troubling you?
Earlier...you went around the fountain 11 times...
That’s around 704 steps...exactly 337 meters...
I have a foolish proposal...but how about it?
If you’re fine with me...then I’d like to become your adviser.”

First there was no one → that makes zero...
I[moi] appeared there → that makes one[un]...
Then you[toi] appeared → that makes two[deux]...
Just within simple formulas ← lies the truth...

Closing yourself off from even such simple things, there’re bound to be times you don’t realize...

Hey there, how are you doing- [salut]

“Young miss...
Did you find any solutions to your troubles from the other day? It’s been one week since our parting...168 hours...
10080 minutes...and 604800 seconds...
Yet another 23 seconds have passed while I was talking...
I’d like to become your adviser today as well.”

The horizon of morning and night → that makes two[deux]...
The grave[place] where the king[roi] of time sleeps → that makes three[trois]...
The glittering eternal stardust → that makes five[cinq]...
Even within simple prime numbers ← lies the truth......

Closing yourself from all kinds of simple things, there’re bound to be things you don’t realize...

Shall I factor[take apart] your sadness?
Shall I find the highest common factor[number] of your happiness?

Wipe your tears...come now...and stand...because your path still goes on...

I see-[en effet]
To give birth ←→ or not to give birth...
That is the biggest...so to speak, problem...

The morning of happiness...and the night of sadness...all of them are yours...
A song story connected...to ones yet unseen...stories[roman] that bring songs to life...

Every time the『Windmill』continues to spin (le Moulin rouge...)
『Beautiful』illusions are weaved in silence (la belle chose...)
Outside the flickering of the 『Flame』(la flamme...)
The fools who reach out their 『Arms』(le bras invisible...)
Yearn to grasp as many 『Jewels』as possible (le bijou maudit...)
And wander between 『Morning』and 『Night』(le conte du matin et la nuit...)
Even within the glitter of the sand of 『Stardust』(le harnais d’etoile...)
The 『Wine』charms sweet intoxication (le vin de joie et tretisse...)
From within the cage that should be avoided, the 『Sage』(le savant crepuscule...)
May ask them of the true meaning behind the 『Message』(le message de onze lettres...)
When the 『Angel』leaves (la statue de l’ange...)
The 『Horizon』will know of the fifth story (le cinq roman...)

The repeating 『History』revolves around 『Death』and 『Loss』; 『Paradise』and 『Hell』.
After the 『Boy』leaves, what kind of 『Story』will be created there?

“Are you afraid of hurt? Are you afraid of loss? Are you afraid to believe? That’s why...
I’d like to become...your adviser.”

If you regret the morning of your arrival...then you shouldn’t give birth to more pain...
If you acknowledge the night of your leaving...then that child should love 《Life》as well...

Young Miss-[Chloe] Shall I factor[take apart] your sadness?
Shall I find the highest common factor[number] of your happiness?
Wipe off the dust...come now...and set off...because your path still goes on...
Goodbye-[au revoir]

“Young Miss, it seems like your heart is set. Then...come now...lift up your chest and go forth. You should...aim for your own horizon...”
“Thank you, M.Savant.”

“I’ve been looking for you, Christophe.”

“Can roman be found there...?”





~11-lettered Message~

Ah...I still recall as clearly as yesterday-
'twas a morning in winter-
Your call took me warmly by my hands-
And I heard the angel's trumpet...

Despite myself...I remember my life as one too ordinary...
Still...it was 『My Pride』to have given birth to you...

Ah, I still recall as clearly as yesterday-
A cold morning in winter-
Your first cry grasped the high heavens-
And an orange light filtered in...

Despite myself...I remember my life as one not too fortunate...
Still...it was of my 『Utmost Happiness』to have met you...

Ah...no matter what trials may come upon you...do confront them with unwavering courage...
This is your foolish mother's last wish...please-
『0302・0101・1001・0304・0502・ 0105・0501・0902・0501・0301・0102』

“I'm sorry...”
The morning of birth. The night of death.
“Goodbye...”
This present time in which you're living. A 《Message》of 11 words.
“I'm sorry...” Fantasy Story[roman] 『The Fifth Horizon』
“Thank you...”
Ah....can roman be found there?

Not matter who gave birth to you...
Your essence won't change...not one bit...
As long as you don't forget
The fact that your birth was no accident...we'll meet someday─

Ah...as much as I regret...not being by your side to watch over your footsteps...please go forth without a doubt...
This is your foolish mother's only wish...please-
『0302・0101・1001・0304・0502・ 0105・0501・0902・0501・0301・0102』

You are living now – that is the 『Proof of the Story I Lived』[roman]
If you would love this world - that alone is 『My Happiness』[bonheur]
-That alone is the 『Meaning of my Story』[roman]

“Can roman be found there...?”

The meaning of birth. The meaning of death. This present time you're living in.
A 《Message》of 11 words. Fantasy Story[roman]『The Fifth Horizon』

The two windmills shall ever continue to turn
Until the day beloved ones are reunited

The dolls wandering on the field of life and death
What songs have they brought to life in this fading night?

And...
The silver light that reigns over the horizon
Now...another morning is dawning

Ah...can roman be found there?






~Le Vrai Message~

Ah...I still recall as clearly as yesterday-
'twas a morning in winter-
Your call took me warmly by my hands-
And I heard the angel's trumpet...

Despite myself...I remember my life as one too ordinary...
Still...it was 『My Pride』to have given birth to you...

Ah, I still recall as clearly as yesterday-
A cold morning in winter-
Your first cry grasped the high heavens-
And an orange light filtered in...

Despite myself...I remember my life as one not too fortunate...
Still...it was of my 『Utmost Happiness』to have met you...

Ah...no matter what trials may come upon you...do confront them with unwavering courage...
This is your foolish mother's last wish...please-
『B・e・c・o・m・ e・H・a・p・p・y』

“I'm sorry...”
The morning of birth. The night of death.
“Goodbye...”
This present time in which you're living. A 《Message》of 11 words.
“I'm sorry...” Fantasy Story[roman] 『The Fifth Horizon』
“Thank you...”
Ah....can roman be found there?

Not matter who gave birth to you...
Your essence won't change...not one bit...
As long as you don't forget
The fact that your birth was no accident...we'll meet someday─

Ah...as much as I regret...not being by your side to watch over your footsteps...please go forth without a doubt...
This is your foolish mother's only wish...please-
『B・e・c・o・m・ e・H・a・p・p・y』

You are living now – that is the 『Proof of the Story I Lived』[roman]
If you would love this world - that alone is 『My Happiness』[bonheur]
-That alone is the 『Meaning of my Story』[roman]

“Can roman be found there...?”

The meaning of birth. The meaning of death. This present time you're living in.
A 《Message》of 11 words. Fantasy Story[roman]『The Fifth Horizon』

The two windmills shall ever continue to turn
Until the day beloved ones are reunited

The dolls wandering on the field of life and death
What songs have they brought to life in this fading night?

And...
The silver light that reigns over the horizon
Now...another morning is dawning

Ah...can roman be found there?



~Yanuera Monogatari~

“-Good evening...[bon soir]
O, beloved traveler of the horizon, between wandering on the field of life and death
It seems like you’ve landed yourself here.
Regrettably, this is as far as you’re going to go, a barren wasteland.”

A fantasy drawn by the girl on a white canvas...a story[roman] weaved in an attic...
The 13 boys who died...piled on top of each other...
Ah ...within that dark cage... her laughter reigns supreme...

“Yes, Madame...”
“Ahahahahaha...come now...and be born, Hiver.”

The story[roman] of birth...the story[roman] of death...
This present time of you listening...another message...

The spinning『Windmill』...the glittering『Jewel』...
The revolving『Flame』...the『Twin Dolls』...
The enlightened『Fifth Horizon』

Roman

“Repeat as many times as you want...until you’re connected to your desired horizon...
If the promised and merciless night gives way to light, another morning will dawn, right?”

“Reality...fantasy...the world of roman...who is the liar-”
“Can roman be found there...?”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

6th Story CD - Moira



~Meiou Thanatos~
Chronos The Vertical Bearer of Time──
       The Vertical Thread of Time──
   Bios The Horizontal Flame of Life──
The Horizontal Thread that Sparks Life──

The weaver of the universe uses both strings... If this is the reason we call it destiny...

Moira



Thanatos...



Thanatos──
              The Lord of Hades and the Deadman's King
That is The Ruler of the Underworld and the King of the Dead
   The Living are Terrified by the Real 【God of Death】
Those on Earth Fear the Existence of the 【God of Death】

"Yes... for I am death itself!"



She is loved just as he's loved
Be they a king or slave, a saint or prostitute, regardless, they're all loved

       You                                          We
The Living are loved just as The Dead are loved
Be they elderly or young, a poet or a hero, regardless, they all scatter

 Moira
Mother... If you continue to bring forth life, then

Thanatos
      Θ shall──
deprive all that possess life
by continuing to kill, to take away



«Kalosorísate stin Ádis!»
   "Welcome to Hades!"

      «Píges Móno Píges»
"You've died, simply died"
     «Píges Móno Píges»
"You've died, simply died"

Not knowing why you've arrived here, toyed with by destiny as she pleases,
     «Píges Móno Píges»
"You've died, simply died"



                                                                                 Pígaina stin ypodochí
I shall go to greet the unfortunate princess (He shall go to greet her)
                                                                            Pígaina stin ypodochí
I shall go to greet the bloodstained bride (He shall go to greet her)
                                                               My Vessel
Carrying death  in his eyes, he is The Vessel of Θ

On the night his mother is killed, I shall go to greet him and two shall become one



The Everlasting Silence of Thanatos. His Stare Conveys Death
    【The Eyes of The God of Death Silently Convey Death】

"Leontius..."
"Misia!"  "Elef!"
"Look here..."
"I've been looking for you... Polydeuces"
"Hurry up! You worthless wastes!"
"Misia!"                "Elef!"
"Wow!"
"This is... Illion?"
"That damn perverted priest, I'll kill him someday!"
"Quench my thirst..."
"No!!!"
"Please come in"
"This pretend master-disciple relationship ends here..."
"Master!"
"Hydra... accept this offering"


Eventually you will learn
                                                                                              Him
that in this world there is no true equality, except for Θ
In this world ruled
                                                                                                        Him
by a merciless Goddess there is no true equality, except for Θ

Be it too soon or too late, the unavoidable estrangement

                   I am (he is)        Thanatos
Yes... for        Θ is              Death Itself

 Moira
Mother... If you continue to bring forth life,
and continue to inflict pain upon those suffering children, then

Thanatos
      Θ shall──
deprive all that possess life
by continuing to kill, to save them




~Jinsei wa Ireko Ningyou - Matryoshka~

Alexei Romanovich Zvolinsky: the Russian billionaire

"I am Zvolinsky’d by ancient stories[roman]!
Ah ... if I see a hole...I want to dig!"

"Ladies and gentlemen!
Today, I shall tell you of the magnificent half of my lifetime! We’ll raise the curtain on a tale of my miserable upbringing! A tearful, tearful tale!”

Wonderful! Wonderful![Хорошо] Everyone, get energized and be prepared!
Go on, fold your hands together and stretch out your legs!”

We had a red, flickering fireplace[печка] back in our home
It’s a sad fact, but we had no firewood to burn in it
My younger brothers never stopped moving around
Though they starved, they’ll freeze to death if they stay still

A gift from fate, a Matryoshka doll full of misfortune
No matter how much you open it up, you’ll only find sadness

"Wonderful! Wonderful! Black pepper in Borscht!
Now, the second part is getting more and more teary~"

The clean and glittering Volga[Волга] cut through the wind
Run, carriage[Тройка]! Home is still far away, so dash across the sky!
My younger sisters often had empty stomachs ("Brother, I’m hungry ...")
Do your best, my youngest sister[Катюша]! ("Do your best~!") The silver injection will surely help you get better! ("Ow-!")

Life is a gift, a Matryoshka doll filled with absurdity
No matter how much you open it up, you will find only pain

"Now, everyone, please keep a handkerchief at hand.
What you've heard so far was just the prologue. Now comes the really miserable part.”

Due to the medical bill of the girl in bed, the poor household’s economy goes up in flames
Papa is at a distant coal mine. The rocks collapse and he’s buried underneath.
On a slope too steep to climb, it takes just an instant for you to fall

At the funeral of the dead girl, there is no sign of the two people she loved
(“Katyuasha...” “Papa...” “Don’t cry...” “Mama....” “Let’s say goodbye to Katyusha.”)
Mama is dressed like a prostitute, and unable bear it anymore, she leaves
No matter how steep the slope, it takes just an instant for you fall, just an instant

"Darling. DAR-LING!"
"Oh, Eirene! My beloved wife ... I am Zvolinsky’d by your charms!"
"Oh, you silly... how is your work going?"
"Smoothly, nicely, perfectly! We were just taking a little break. Ah, that's enough, you girls. Yes, thank you. Thank you, thank you![спасибо]”

(“That was pretty cold, wasn't it?" "It's over? That was boring." "My fist ...!"
"Let's leave this to Zvolin and go home." "That's enough! Let's go."
"Wait up, Katia!" "Wait! Sister~!")

"Erm, now, gentlemen! Be prepared! Let’s get back to work!"

"Wonderful![хорошо]"

We dig and dig, and all we find is sand; no matter how much we dig, we never find a vein
“It’s just the delusion of a man hungry for money, and your efforts are useless.” Is what the others[they] say

Even so, you don’t give up.

We dig and dig, and dust is all over the place; no matter how much we dig, there seems to be no end
“It’s just a pastime for the nouveau riche, and you’re just an idiot.” Is what the scholars[they] laugh at

Even so, I’m here for you

Neither glittering, shining gold
Nor a name that resounds throughout the world
Are what you long for
You just want to have a burning dream

Does destiny[Moira] desire a comedy or a tragedy?
I want to raise the Myth upon the stage of history once more....

Our poor family was torn apart, and I became an apprentice in a shop
Though I’m bullied for my ugly face, I worked harder than anyone else
What supported me/you were the existence of my/your family and an Epic[book] left behind by mother

-- "Destiny is cruel, but do not fear her!
For the goddess[Moira] shall never smile upon those who do not fight--"

Life is a gift, a Matryoshka doll filled with absurdity
Even so, I/you will continue to dig
As long as there’s a hole...

"Ohoo! Eirene, Eirene!"
"Darling? What is it?"
"Wonderful![Хорошо]"
"Eh?"
“Wonderful!![Хорошо]”
“Wow....!”
“Wonderfuuuuuuul!!![Хорошоооо]”
“How wonderful...”


~Myth - Mythos~

In the beginning Chaos filled the world... After a while the Mother of all life awakens
She creates children from this world of Chaos... They are the Genesis... They were Gods we call Muse

The Eldest God[Ῥυθμός] and the Youngest Goddess[Ἁρμονία]
conceived the God of Morning[Ἑώς] and the Goddess of Night[Νύξ]
The Second Eldest God[Μέλος] and the Youngest Goddess[Ἁρμονία]
conceived the Sun God[Ήλιος] and the Moon Goddess[Φεγγάρι]
The God of Morning[Ἑώς] and the Goddess of Night[Νύξ]
conceives the relatives of the Goddess of Earth[Γῆ]
The Sun God[Ήλιος] and the Moon Goddess[Φεγγάρι]
conceives the relatives of the Ocean Goddess[Θάλασσα]

The Mother herself conceives Twin Gods of Sky[Οὐρανός]
and finally conceives [Those Destined To Die][θάνατοι], which are humans[is Ἕλληνες]

Chronos[Χρόνος], the vertical bearer of time... Bios[Βίος], the horizontal flame of life[time]
The Weaver of the Universe uses both strings... If this is the reason we call it Destiny...
O Goddess... what kind of world wilt thou weave?

The 6th horizon
Moira

Genesis[γένεσις] has begun to be played An era when Mythos[μῦθος] flourished
Who are the tellers? (We are the tellers) -- Who are the singers? (We are the singers) -- the Goddesses of poetry[Ἁρμονίας]

The third sister✾Φρυγια The fourth sister✾Λυδια
The second sister✾Δωρια The fifth sister✾Αιορια
The eldest sister✾Ιωνια The sixth sister✾Ροκρια
We are[Τῆς]
The《Six Goddesses of Poetry》[Ἁρμονίας]



~The Twins of Destiny~

And then... the place to which the Sisters descend is--

The scenic mountains of Arcadia
Which later became known to all as Paradeisos[παράδεισος]

“Wait, Misia~!”
“Elef~”
“Hurry, hurry!”
“Eh~”
“Over here!”

The spectacle of the autumn twilight--
Like a playing child... who has yet to discover the world's malice...

“Tasty~”
“Caught you!”
“Eh-? What-! Eh...”
“Over here!”
“Ah! It’s pretty, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty!”

“Misia!”
“Elef!”
“Misia!”
“Elef!”

“Wah, ouch...”
“Hurry!”

“Over here, hurry!”

“Let’s always be together!”
“Yes, let’s!”
“Misia...Misia!”
“Elef...Elef!”

--And...
A
s

t
h
e

c
h
r
o
n
o
s

i
s

w
o
v
e
n
│
The Cogwheel gently starts to revolve... again......

O Gods, the beautiful scenery is just for their sakes
[Θεώ, φινέ θέμα είναι για μόνο δύο]

In the fleeting days of boyhood that shall never return again
He believed that the bird in the sky could fly anywhere

In the fleeting days of girlhood that she will eventually reflect upon
She believed that she could someday grasp the moon reflected in the water

From the day they were born,
At all times, they were together
Constantly,

A gentle father, a beautiful mother
They believed those days with them would go on forever

The one to struggle against destiny[Moira], and the one to accept destiny[her]
Ah... the one to murder destiny[God], and the one to be sacrificed to destiny[fate]

They ran about the hills, chasing after the drifting clouds
With the scent floating in the evening air, the two raced home......
They were just twins
[Μόνο είναι δίδυμοι]

The cunning Scorpion's shadow...

“I’ve been looking for you, Polydeuces.”
“Your Highness Scorpius!?”
“To think that the hero of the Twin Fortresses of Arcadia fame would live secluded in such a mountain...why have you abandoned your sword?”
“Even if I tried to explain, I don’t think one as ambitious as yourself could come to understand.”
“We’re back, mom!”
“We’re back, dad!”
“Oh...capture them!”
“Elfina! Take the kids and run!”
“Elef, Misia, over here!”
“Yes!”
“I have taken control of the Laconian troops. Polydeuces, come work for me.”
“And if I say...no?”
“Then I’ll have you work for the King of Hades!”

Once it starts, nobody can stop the revolving Cogwheel......



~The Slave Market~

“We’re off!”

...look! The cart rattles
...see! The old woman 《jumps in fright》
They want to go home, but they can't say it
Even if they want to go home, they don’t have one

...look! The horsewhip crackles
...see! The old man 《starts acting suspiciously》
They want to go home, but they can't say it
Even if they want to go home, they don’t have one

Round and round spin the cart wheels, where is Moira taking them
The warmth from each other's backs is their only light of hope[Ελπιδα]...

“Come on, hurry up!”
“You good-for-nothings! Here, here, carry more!”

With heavy footsteps
Where, where, where are they heading?[κάπου, κάπου, πηγαίνω κάπου]
Their prayers aren’t answered
Why, why, why do they have to go?[γιατι, γιατι,πρέπει να πάτε]
With weary bodies
Where, where, where are they heading?[κάπου,κάπου,πηγαίνω κάπου]
It’s just because of their fate
Why, why, why do they have to go?[γιατι, γιατι, πρέπει να πάτε]

Is equality a lie? Is it an illusion?
A grave+place where a price is set on your life
That's the slave market, the slave market, the slave market......

“Come on, hurry up!”
“Hey!”
“Come on, come on!”
“Uh....Misia...”
“Don’t slow down!”
“Misia...”
“Elef...”

Their hands slip out of each other’s grasps and they are torn far, far apart
“Misia--------!!!” “Elef-------------!!!”
Round and round come the seasons, where is Moira taking them?
On the yet unseen horizon of history, whose light is it that comes fluttering down...




~The Hero of Thunder - Leontius~

The
one
who
masters
thunder
will
reign
over
the
world
as
king

Leontius[Λεωντιυς]: the first prince of Arcadia

While dyeing the fields vermillion, dusk invites the world
While staining our blades scarlet, we invite the living
Into twilight, into darkness

What is necessary for the living
Is unnecessary for the dead
What do you wish for, even when you turn into a corpse?
With nothing grasped in that hand of yours
Into twilight, into darkness

"Your Highness!"
"What is it, Castor?"
"Perhaps they were frightened by Your Highness' thunder spear and the bravery of our army, the Laconian troops that violated divine territory seem to be retreating."
"I see. Good job."

In Anatolia[Ανατολια], the invasion of Barbaros[βάρβαρος] is severe
The Capital of the Wind[Ιλιον] is said to be building an impregnable rampart right now
With Hellenes[Έλληνες] brethren fighting against each other, this era truly began to accelerate

Leontius

If we doubt the oracle, the very earth on which we stand will shake
Due to the many possibly interpretations, the kings are greatly worried

A beast armored in iron stronger than steel
Will tear down even the shield of the wind
and with his back to shooting stars
bare his fangs at destiny[God]

The one born

When darkness[Έρεβος] devours the sun[Ήλιος]
Will weave destruction


"Leontius, look. One who inherited the blood of the Thunder God...your sibling."
"Congratulations, Your Highness!"
"Your Highness, please become a splendid brother!"
"Brother! His Majesty wishes to discuss the matter of the oracle!"
"O, Moira ...such treatment..."
"Queen Isadora, please do not worry. Leave this to me."



~The Wind Capital of Death and Lament - Ilion~

Cassandra[Κασσανδρα], Melissa[Μελλισα], and their apprentice, the Hetaera.

"Hurry up, you girls. The priest of Anemos is waiting."
"Geez, newcomer. If you keep lagging behind, my fist is gonna spit fire!"
"I-I'm sorry."

Though we don’t possess the strength of the clan of female warriors[Ἀμαζών]
We're different from those unrefined prostitutes[πόρνη]

Ah, in exchange for drachma[δραχμή] and an honest heart, we sell beautiful dreams...

Though we don’t possess the level of education of the respected poet[Σοφία]
We're different from those ignorant whores[δήμιη]

Ah, though we used to be sad slaves
We’re now roses in full bloom: the high-class courtesans[ἑταῖρα]

Aside from the selling of a flowery and breezy spring
We homeless girls don’t have anything
But we don't need pity...don’t think us stupid...
What you have is not love!

"...and now we’re here~"
"Wow~"
"This is... Ilion?"


"You! Hurry up and carry it!"
"Don’t rest!"
"You’re gonna keep building this rampart until you die!"
"Get on with it! Don’t rest!"
"Hurry up with it, will you? Hey!"

Those who carry the stones are pelted with dry sounds
Those who cry out for doctors lie on the ground lifelessly

Many slaves wore black shadows on their backs ...

"Hey, this is no good!"
"Uwah!"
"Throw this into the valley of despair!"

Those who inherit wills are the multitude of slave replacements
Those who are near death start their escape into Hades

Others can't see the shadow but the boy is aware of its existence
He is not even aware of the first time he could notice it and ...
Those who wore that strange dark shadow met a certain death in a short period of time ... a certain death.

"If you don’t wanna die, get to work!"
"Hurry up!"
"We’re only gonna give food to those who carry stones!"
"So work! Until you die! Keep working!"
"Uwah!"
"Hurry up!"

The boy nurtured with love and affection
Merely bears his hardship while nurturing hate and anger

I’ll be happier if I could just die; I’m sure I’ll be better off that way
Repeating his muttering like a mantra, he chased after the lost hope

He won’t be tamed by destiny[Moira] like an underdog
Even if slaves are dogs, he will never forget that he has fangs to bare

Before
starting
to
sprint,
the
wolf
bays
at
the
moon

"Where do you like it? Tell me."
"Ah!"
"Here?"
"Uwah!"
(My son[Νεκρός]...the more you hate life, the better. Sooner or later, your body will be mine.)
"Here? Hahaha!"
"Don’t!"
"Hey, heeeey!"

"Damn it...ouch...someday, I'm going to kill that perverted priest!"
"Yo, ugly~ Quite the amazing face you got there."
"Hmph! You’re one to talk."
"...right!"
"Hahaha!"

All humans, while carrying their fated death on their backs
Embrace each other, burying their solitude with love
However, many of them, while cursing their fated death
Take away from each other, filling their chests with emptiness

The untainted droplets that slide down the young girl’s cheeks
("I won’t let you run away, kitty~" "No...." “Ehehehehe.....”)
The instant that the red-black tip of his tongue licks them
(“No....don’t come...” "Quench my thirst..."
“NOOOOOOOO!!” “GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!”)

“Are you okay?”
“Elef?”
“Misia?! Let’s run away before they come to catch us! Misia!”
“Yes!”
"Argh...is anyone there?!"
"Wait!”
“Don’t get caught now, Elef!”
"Right back at ya, Orion!"
"Yah-!"

With joined hands, they sprinted through Ilion, Ilion[Ιλιον...Ιλιον]
A shower of stardust pours down on the twilit Ilion, Ilion
The rampart of lament and death towers around Ilion, Ilion
("Wait, wait!")
They look back to see the distant Ilion, Ilion
"One-hit kill! 'The bow bends and a flame springs forth, freezing the night sky over' shot!"
"The name’s too long, idiot!"
"Hush you! This is the essence of Orion-styled archery!"
"Hahaha~"

The Wind God[Ἄνεμος] can never forgive those who disgraced God's domain
The anger fused with the Rain Goddess[Βροχή] and will conceive a daughter[Θύελλα]...





~The Holy Island of Poet - Lesbos~

“Lady Sofia, it is Phyllis. I found a girl passed out on the beach, so I took care of her. I’ve brought her here.”
“Please come in.”
“Please excuse us. Come now, Miss Artemisia.”
“Ah, yes...”

Sophia[Σοφια], the poetry reading consecrated female

Ah...Sadness is the color of the sea, azure and blue
Ah...Suffering is the sound of the waves, strong and weak

The girl's cheeks radiate a shade of roses; truly a beautiful sight
But the young bud, drenched with sadness, has not yet bloomed

The two closed eyes are a matching darkness, dark and deathly
The closed violets are a dream of the end, sweet and bitter

There’s nothing much here, but it’s overflowing with water, light and love
Welcome, this is【The Island of the Poet】 [Λέσβος]
Sanctuary of the Ocean Goddess[Θάλασσα], the Sun God[Ηλιος]
And the white-armed Goddess of Beauty[Καλλεα]

Everything that you’ve seen, ah...is the truth of the world
Full of absurdity, oh...an unwanted reality

But the world doesn’t stop there
Hey...Misia, hear me out?

Even if you cry ”It’s agonizing, painful, cruel and I don’t want this”
The white thread of destiny cannot be spun by man

Please become a woman[flower] who doesn’t fear, doesn’t waver, doesn’t envy, doesn’t hate, and one that blooms in this world beautifully, stronger than anyone else

T
h
e

C
h
r
o
n
o
s

i
s

w
o
v
e
n
│

The consecrated female detects the girl's strange ability
She shows her the way and a method to live

【The bottom of the water of memories】

Once (right), there was a person(for her, too) that I loved deeply(more than anyone)
However (now), that person went to a faraway place (to the other side)...

Love is not a slave for use in bed
Nor is it, by any means, a tool to conceive a child

Ah....please become a woman[flower] who loves the sky, the earth, the ocean, the humans, her own fate, and one that can live off even sadness



~Across the Distant Horizon - Horizontas~

Milos[Μιλος], the blind poet and his disciple

"You’re lagging behind, old geezer! I'll leave you behind!"
"Ha, ha, ha ..."

The boy now travels under the sky
"Using words, we sing of all nature.”
Paying no heed to the sage’s poem
"In the first place, poems are works of the gods."
For years, he looked upon that sky
"Elef, do you know the three gods of Genesis?"
The old man laughs under the azure sky
"They are Rhythmos[Ρυθμός], Melos[Μελος] and Harmonia[Ἁρμονία]."
"I can’t remember it if you just say it once ..."
"Ha ha ha ..."

In search for the girl, he walks a thousand miles
“The mother of all life...”
In crossing the ocean, he conquers the sea routes
"For Rhythmos, she’s Mira. For Melos, she’s called Moira..."
In search for her, he traverses the mountain paths
"The former was Pylon, the latter was called Artaraikon."
Across the plains, his hometown looms
"And that is said to be the beginning of words...cough, cough..."
"You all right, old man?"
"Ahh..."
"Let’s rest for today."
"Ha ha ha ..."

The stardust that blooms at the mercy of the sky
One sparkle swayed by destiny[wind]; the twin stars side by side

"That one....that is your star..."

Ah...hometown[Άρκαδία] The dream never to return Those happy seasons
Those remnants of his childhood are still radiant, and brings pain to his heart

The two windswept gravestones lying next to each other
With withered flowers Who buried them?

"Father, mother ...!"
"Don't lose hope, Elef. I was hoping to head to the Thunder God’s Temple for now.
Let’s end this game of master-disciple make-believe."
"Master!"
"Now, stand up, good friend. Aim for your own horizon!"

Once again, the youth travels under the sky
"Elef, in times of trouble, visit the island of Lesbos."
The island of the poet is beneath the distant sky
"An old friend of mine might be of help.”
In search of the saint, he walks a thousand miles again
"The situation between Macedonia and Thracia is tense.”
Separated from his friend, he conquers the sea routes again
"In order to avoid the war, you should travel by sea."

"My friend, go forth on the road you believe in. We shall sing of those fated to die.
Elefseia[ЭЛэфсеиа]...beloved friend...poem of battles...”

"Hey, have you heard? The winner of the Olympic Games in Anatolia."
"Ah, it’s Orion, the famed archer, right?"
"Yeah, that Orion. He’s said to be a prince abandoned due to being born on the day of eclipse."
"Eh...wonder what the world’s coming to."
"The meaning behind all this..."
"'Only Moira knows for sure,'...right?"
"Hahaha..."



~The Story of the Dying Ones - Historia~

O traveler, a deathly darkness looms over your back
Not even knowing the remaining seasons, o wind, where dost thou blow?

Meanwhile---
The troops of Arcadia in the east declared war on Amazones, led by Queen Alexandra.

O destiny, the white thread in your hand is swayed by sounds
Not even knowing reasons spun, wherefore do I go forth and conquer?

Meanwhile---

"It’s my loss...go ahead and kill me."
"I, Leontius, do not possess a spear that pierces women."
"I’ve gotten to like you, Leontius. Someday you will be mine...don’t forget that!"

The fire of battle rages round the world.
The rightful victims suffer. The individual time marches on.

Oh...nostalgic hometown[Άρκαδία]
A faraway visage...its mountain ranges still burn brightly
When autumn comes round, the siblings[we;Εμεις] will remember again...

"Let’s always be together!"
"Yep!"
"Misia!"
"Elef!"

Even now, the darkness hidden in the setting sun sears my heart with red-hot pain
Oh, madder sky, what should man follow, and what should man search for?

A rhythm[Ρυθμός] heard back to back; a melody[Μελος] remembered even now
I can always feel you - embracing very much the same star - by my side

We don’t say ‘Farewell’ since we will meet again someday
We won’t say ‘Farewell’ since the two of us meet again someday
Even now, I can feel you - watching the twin stars somewhere - by my side

The older brother[Άδερφός] who used to be a crybaby...Elef[Έλευ]
If the boy selects the sword,
The younger sister[Άδερφή] who used to be a tomboy...Misia[Μισια]
Will the girl choose the shield?

The carousel of destiny keeps going around and round

The story continues around several horizons ...

"Born from a whore like that...is the blood of the God of Thunder that important?
Leontius, if only you haven't been born ...!
Hehehe...if you want to look down on me just because I’m the son of a concubine...by all means, go ahead...
The one who reigns over the world as king will be me...!"

The jewels that I should’ve grasped in my outstretched hand all spill from my palm
Are we going to continue taking away from each other, hating each other and spilling blood, o world that dawns on fighting?

What should we now fight against, and what should we protect?
Ah, starry sky, what should man fear, and what should man love?

O light heading towards destruction, and all that is destined to die
O friends, what should man raise up, and what should man leave behind?

Someday, history shall tell, 【The Story of The Dying Ones】




~The Sybil of the Star Goddess - Artemisia~

At any given period of time, stardust will either lead or mislead mankind.
A girl who is anxious about her life, a woman who is a lunatic for love, equally on them, the light shines down.

The shining stars stir in the darkness, showing the tomorrow of flames[lights] that come around
The chariot of the Star Goddess[goddess], dashing across the night sky, is an opposing wind that heads towards the ground

Ah...the opened ≪The Twelve Constellations of the Zodiac≫[ὁ τῶν ζῳδίων]
Whom does the prince shoot at with the arrow of stardust?

At the mercy of the heavens...the one who grieves is 【Leo】[Λέων]

The shooting stars find rest in the darkness, showing the tomorrow of flames[lights] that go around
The bridge of the Poetry Goddesses[goddess], arching across the sky, is an ending rainbow stretching to purple

Ah...the hidden ≪The Twelve Constellations of the Zodiac≫[ὁ τῶν ζῳδίων]
What does the sybil see in the light of the stardust?

At the mercy of the heavens... 【Gemini】[Δίδυμοι] sways
At the mercy of destiny[Moira] ... 【Virgo】[Παρθένος] falls

"Ah...Elef..."

As if wanting to test us...the heavens keep showering us with troubles...
And humans can only accept the will of the gods without question...
(Ah ... They cannot do anything else...)
They cannot...
(Even if it’s a sad...Ah...)
Ah...Even if it’s a sad fate...

The visitors at dusk
("Search!")
The unwelcomed guests
The uniformed intruders, a riotous Aster

"Big trouble! Big trouble!"
"Rena, calm down!"
"But they're scary!"
"You there...what business do you have here in the middle of the night?"
"I’m scared as well! Let’s leave this to Lady Phyllis and go!"
"Wait up, Katia!"
"Is this outrageous act done with the knowledge that this is Astra’s Temple? I will not permit this insolence!"

Ah...the shadows of twilight dance to the oracle
A voice closing in mercilessly questions her choice

I'm sorry...my brother[Ελευ]
If it is at the expense of someone else, then I will not struggle...
But obey destiny's[Moira’s] will...

The stars...merely twinkle

"Misia ...!"




~In the Hands of the Dying Maiden in the Watery Moon - Partenos~

The offering to a cruel god. A "sacrifice" is the name of a ritual.
Who is the assailant? And who is the sufferer?
Destiny selects the victims and buries them deep...

Moira

"I'm sorry, Elef ..."

This world I’m born into, ruled by a ruthless god
Did I finally become a woman[flower] who doesn't fear, doesn’t waver, and one that loves everything?

"O, Hydra...please accept this offering."
"That...voice is...!"

The maidens that eventually blossom with fragrance
Their season in full bloom is short...
However, withering beautifully, with a scarlet song of love on your ardent lips
That itself is also ≪The Life of a Flower≫ [life]

"Misia...the youth who visited me a while ago...looked very similar to you..."


"Uwaaaaaaaaaaah!! Misiaaaaa!!!"

The wavering moon[Φεγγάρι] in the color of the lapis lazuli...is very beautiful
Don’t be sad, for even the lights that have passed away are gifts from destiny[Moira]

The dying, pale blue maiden[Παρθένος]...was very beautiful
So we finally meet, I've been searching for your traces...

Ah...what could I possibly compare this sadness to?
Ah...as though my heart has been torn in two...such deep pain...

Hey, do you remember...? The selfishness of days past...
The moon reflected on the surface of the water...And the girl reaching out her hand...

Finally, I/you have gotten ahold of it-

Ah...Farewell...Farewell...my other half[Αντίο...Αντίο...το μισό μου]
Ah...Farewell...Farewell...my other half[Αντίο...Αντίο...το μισό μου]

Farewell...Goodbye...my other self

"Let’s always be together!"
"Yep!"
"Misia!"
"Elef!"

Stardust shoots across the sky. Astra's fury.
A bow and arrows are granted to the doted braves
Implore Astra to punish the burglars who invaded her territory...





~The Hero of Slaves - Elefseus~

-Freedom or death...
Carved into history is the proof of the battle to which they lived.

To the boy from that day, the bird that conquered the skies seemed freer than anything
He didn’t know that it cannot avoid being flung to the ground by the Storm Goddess’[Θυελλα] sudden whims

Where is he heading to?
[Που ειωαι παει παει?]

Yah, my son[Νεκρός]. Have you gotten used to the unbearable pain of loss?

There's nothing left for me/you...no hope at all for me/you...
[Τιποτα δεν παραμενει σε με, σε μενα εμενα...Ελπίδα δεν παραμένει σε, σε μένα εμένα...]
Life is something to be lost.
The Sword of Hades Elefseus, the Harbinger of Death
[Ἅιδης ξίφος Ελευσευς, ὁ τῶν φόβος σε θάνατος]
The Lone Wolf Elefseus, Bringing Death to Hellenes
[Μονος λυκος Ελευσευς, φορτε Ἕλληνες για θάνατος]

A boy from that day-
Those tossed by destiny-
His road to revenge begins by selecting the black sword.

"Don't slow down!"

Even if ages were to run...
Where, where are they heading to?[κάπου,κάπου,πηγαίνω κάπου]
Acts of foolishness are repeated...
Why, why do they have to go there?[γιατι,γιατι,πρέπει να πάτε]
Even if blood was to flow...
Where, where are they heading to?[κάπου,κάπου,πηγαίνω κάπου]
Misfortune is unstoppable...
Why, why do they have to go there?[γιατι,γιατι,πρέπει να πάτε]

Equality is but a delusion. You are not allowed any promises except that of death.

"Do you want me to beat you to death right here?!"
"How long is this going to keep up, Moira?!"

Even though humans are all but pitiful slaves of fate
For a slave like that to own another slave is truly dry humor at its finest

Don't give up, keep struggling! You don't like being powerless slaves, do you?
If you have the courage to take up the sword, then come with me!

The Sword of Hades Elefseus, the Harbinger of Death
[Ἅιδης ξίφος Ελευσευς, ὁ τῶν φόβος σε θάνατος]
The Lone Wolf Elefseus, Bringing Death to Hellenes
[Μονος λυκος Ελευσευς, φορτε Ἕλληνες για θάνατος]

"Please wait!"

-Freedom or Death...

T
h
e

C
h
r
o
n
o
s

i
s

w
e
a
v
e
d
│

Time goes around. A man called Amethystos[Αμεθυστος],
Leading slaves from each place, He headed to the country of ironware which is mastered by Barbaroi.

If you compare the eternity which belongs to God, the human is momentary.

Darkness soaks the world, heroes vanish like shooting stars.
The King became a puppet, an arrow of stardust which shot the mighty Warriors of the past,
The Scorpion stung the Shooter, the Lion of thunder beat the Scorpion.
The battle of dying heroes yet to reach the end...

A footstep from the east led by destiny, the paths of the two beasts will inevitably cross...


~The Battle of Dying Heroes - Heromachia~

"Amethyst eyes that invite death...you musn't fight with that man!"
"Why is it, Mother?"
"Do you wish for a heroic death more than a life of normalcy?"
"Mother, those destined to die are waiting for me."
"Don't go! That man is..."
"Hah!"
"Leon....ah....Leontius!"


"Follow General Amethystos-------!!!"

【The Chronicles of Mythos. It is as rapid as the blink of an eye】

"Those small showers are quite the nuisance."
"Spineless cowards who only shoot from within safety!"
"There's no need to confront the archers. Ever since Orion died, they are but small fry."
"Your Excellency, it seems that the enemy's commander is..."
"Nothing but an idiot who lacks the brainpower to formulate a proper strategy."
"Very true."
"Sirius, take your unit to the right! Orph, your unit come in from the left! We're going to entrap them."
"Hah!"
"As you wish!"
“Athanatoi...”

The Undying Ones
[Αθάνατοι]

The red, crimson trail of death mowed by the undying ones.
Though they're but lifeless corpses now, even they had their own story.

But...destiny[Moira] won't allow...even such a flicker of hope[future]...

The ones who will grant a kiss to their distorted forms
Are not their beloved ones, but starved vultures.

The Sword of Hades Elefseus, the Harbinger of Death
[Ἅιδης ξίφος Ελευσευς, ὁ τῶν φόβος σε θάνατος]
The Lone Wolf Elefseus, Bringing Death to Hellenes
[Μονος λυκος Ελευσευς, φορτε Ἕλληνες για θάνατος]

"Long time no see, Ilion...we won't forget...on whose blood it is that your wards were built!"
"Your Excellency, give us the order-!!!!"
"Attack-!"

"Your Majesty! Ilion fell into enemy hands!"
"What!?"
"It seems to be the work of the slave units, led by Amethystos...!"
"Impossible! They got through the rampart blessed by Anemos..."
"His strength is such that even Anemos's descendant, the hero Iliad[Ίλιας], cannot match him! He might even be a descendant of a God himself, just like Your Majesty!"

Regulus, gather your troops in Barbaroi[Βάρβαροι]! Zosma, direct your troops to Amazon[]! Castor, come with me to the Holy Capital[Ίλιον]!
Let us, Clan of the Thunder God[Αρκαδίος], survive and meet again!

「Destiny is cruel, but do not fear her!
For the Goddess[Moira] shall never smile upon those who do not fight!」

「Humans aren't always powerless slaves!
Let us fight against capricious destiny[God], to take back our future!」

【At last...the paths of the two beasts have crossed.】

"He is Arcadia's...that hateful land's king...Misia's enemy!"
"Son to the hero Dimitrius, Leontius. I shall be your opponent."
"I can't hope for more!!"

Struggling for the era's hegemony; O eternal melody!
The ever-drifting flow; life like shooting stars; an instantaneous shine
("Ugh...Amethystos, as expected, an extraordinary man!")

This era of Myth that the dying ones dashed through
("This man...is strong." "Why would a man of such skill...")
Heroes at each other's throats; comrade in death; fated to fade away

Leontius
"Amethystos...being a Hellenes yourself, why do you assist the Barbaroi in their invasion?"

Elefseus
"What did motherland ever do for me? All it did was take away my loved ones! Don't make me laugh! Hah!"

"Please stop!"
"Mother! Ugh-"
"Ah!"
"Leon...Elef...please...stop this..."
"Mother....o, Moira..."
"Don't you dare go ahead without me! I won't forgive you, Leontiu- ugh..."

Thanatos





~The End of Myth -Telos~

———And then,
The gates of Hades is opened by the hands of man.

... It is this ... that signaled the end of the long, long Mythos.
The sterile and heartless battle, the very beginning of 【The Battle of the Dead Ones】[Νεκρομαχια].

"Moira...is this...the world that you wished for--?!"

"In silence, nothing is told...is god alive, is god dead...?"
"Darling, listen! The fruit of our love has finally blossomed inside my belly!"
"Oooooh~!"
"According to the doctor, they might even be twins!"
"Ooooh~ Eirene~ My beloved wife! Wonderful! Wonderful! Wonderfuuuuul!”
“Geez...darling...”
“Their names have been decided a long time ago...!!"


So as an old woman...or as a little girl...
Like a poet does...Mythos tells a story...
The creator, the mother of all life
Goddess of destiny

Moira

No eye has ever gazed upon her-

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1st MAXI Single CD - Shounen wa Tsurugi wo...

~Shuuten no Ou to Isekai no Kishi~

→ What beings now is...
The prelude to an epic battle between
the king of the end and the knights of another world......

                                                            Endia
Devouring the world is 《The King of the End》
                                          Grandia
Sewn again is 《The Great Possibilities》
          Rhapsodia
The 《Rhapsody》 of the sun calls out the name of the knight......



──An end that should be avoided... the one to defeat the king...
The 《Knights》 are blades

                                                    Endia
Conceiving time is 《The King of the End》
                                  Grandia
adjusting 《The Great Possibilities》
     Balladia
《The Ballad》 of life calls out the name of the knight......

                                                                        Canon
Floating across a transient sky is a 《Flowing Song》 of remembrance
                                                                       Story
Whose lips will sing the 《Melody that Crosses Horizons》?



──A key that connects different worlds... Those who accept the knights...
The 《Gate》 is a swift horse


                                                      Endia
Swallowing history is 《The King of the End》
                                                    Grandia
altering the shifting 《The Great Possibilities》
         Symphonia
The 《Symphony》 of destiny calls out the name of the knight......



Sprung about by the tune of conflict the round table's 《Waltz》 plays
                                                               Story
Whose justice will wield the 《Right to Rule》?



A light continuously being lit... A light continuously being snuffed out...
                   Darkness                                         Light
Deep black 《Hair》 and bright crimson 《Eyes》... simply watch over in silence...
                                                                                Doll                                        Drama
Ah... As if to trace back those pages... the 《Actors》 dance per the 《Spectacle》...
The beautiful thorns of a cruel illusion...
                                                         Dreams
charms them with alluring  《Intoxication》...
                                                                                                    You
The gorgeous poison of a cruel illusion... invites 《The Audience》 to a gloomy abyss...

It's not a world where everything you wish for comes true →
That's why → the boy will soar grandly...
Ah... embracing both hope and despair with both hands →
That's how → the boy will soar grandly...

"Ah... no matter how strong the headwind, those determined
(No matter how strong the wind, those)

wings will never break!"

The pain that repeats endlessly is a 《Rondo》 of Rinne
                                                                             Story
Whose sword will restore the 《Lost Potential of the World》?
                                                                                             Canon
Now... floating across a sky of beginnings is a 《Flowing Song》 of memorial
                                  Story                                                            His
The 《Melody of The Fifth Horizon》 is hummed on 《The Boy's》 lips...





~Kamigami ga Aishita Rakuen~

Myth are born... legends are told... history is simply recorded―
Belle Isle...
Ah... Stories continue to be spun like poems......

A flame flickers across the water's surface of a sleeping darkness that embraces death...
If we were to call that light life → then words could become powerful...
Before anyone could realize, the invaders and the invaded were born there...
If we were to weigh down the balance → then conflict is inevitable...

The children who mourn their lost homelands will never forget...
the regrets of their fathers... the sorrow of their mothers... Ah... that distant island......

Before long the boy shall take up the sword... and even if that sword would bend...
                                                                                                                                Time
He shall once again entrust to his children... many prayers of distant 《Years》......

Belle Isle...

The plains are desolated... the seas rise and swallow the earth...
The roots of disaster entwine again and again... The 《Gate》 that connects different worlds is opened...
The hatred of the enemy far outweighs their sympathy... they seek not to invade, but to completely destroy...
Just like the incompatible destinies of ice and fire... "The Paradise Loved by the Gods" transforms into a battlefield......

The piles of corpses act ← as the foundation...
for a fragile and transient reality... a castle of rubble
At the corpses' summit ← peace blossoms...
as a sweet and shoddy illusion... the color of glass

When fear is offered... madness rains down... refusing a path of coexistence...
Suspicion sharpens its' claws... justice bears its' fangs... distorting any measurement ―eventually...

Before long the boy shall grow white wings... and even if those wings were to break...
                                                                                                                       Gods
He shall once again recite to the sky... the wishes of the foolish 《People》...

Ah... The boy shall take up the black sword... and even if that sword would bend...
                                                                                                                                Time
He shall once again entrust to his children... many prayers of distant 《Years》......

he boy has "The Sword" in hand... "The Wings" on his back...
and "The Future" in his eyes―

Belle Isle...

Ah... Stories continue to be spun like the turning of a page→
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

2nd Story MAXI CD - Seisen no Iberia

~Arasoi no Keifu~

──A long time ago,
there existed an ice-blue stone, sent from the gods
Legends tell of the saints of old, who used this secret stone
to seal the demon of flames, becoming a poem of folk legend
Now, the whereabouts of that sacred stone are unknown......

"We have endlessly been journeying to the west... Our long journey of itinerancy
This is the Holy War of Iberia... carefully observe the history of conflicts...
Saránda..."
"I understand."
"Trin..."
"As you wish."
Enjá..."
"Yes, Master Tsadi."

"After General Ramirez!"

──Dios!
──God!
Reconquista→Reconquista→Reconquista! Adiós...
Reconquer→Reconquer→Reconquer! Goodbye...
Reconquista→Reconquista→Reconquista! Ah... Dios!
Reconquer→Reconquer→Reconquer! Ah... God!
Reconquista→Reconquista→Reconquista! Adiós... Reconquer→Reconquer→Reconquer! Here is Goodbye...
Reconquista→Reconquista→Reconquista! Ah... Dios! Reconquer→Reconquer→Reconquer! Ah... Our God!

              Reconquista→Reconquista→Reconquista!
   Reconquer→Reconquer→Reconquer Our Territory! 



The Old Testament's Story
   【The Book's Story】

God first created man from earth,
then, from his rib, created woman

"The snake's charming words... banished from paradise... man wanders the wilderness... birthing children..."

The elder brother nurtured fields, the younger brother herded lambs
The history of conflict began here

"Offerings to God... the fruits of the earth... the firstborn lamb...
Atonement through blood... anger and hatred... a building murderous intent... in other words... fratricide......"

Even now... why... can't mankind break free of
the repeating chain of conflict?
Who should a weak person like myself hate? Ah... someone tell me......

The Chronicles of History is as Rapid as the Blink of an Eye
                         "History Runs Around──"
                                                              Gitanos
The Diaspora; Ancient Oracle and Gypsy Sisters
  The Ancient Prophet and the Sisters of Exile
                                                         Moro           Ibero
The Scales of Layla, influenced by Moor and Iberian
A Girl's Balance, Tilting Between Father and Mother

In times of happiness, people fail to notice
                                                                                                 Destiny
that the one who quietly spins the cogwheel is 《The Sixth Goddess》
In times of unhappiness, it's too late to notice
                                                                                                                  Destiny
that the one who brings the world to an eroding abyss is 《The Sixth Goddess》 as well

A girl runs barefoot, the moon-lit stone pavement at her feet shone pale-blue

I don't want to live home anymore, my feet don't even hurt anymore
To a place not here, to a place without destination

"History Runs Around―"
                               A Time
Dashing through An Era of anger and hatred, she scattered in the moon-lit night

"Fire!"
"Ah!..."





A cold dank dungeon, a man in the grip of a coma,
The lost flame revealed in his soul, he awakened with ruby eyes
He asked the girl;

       
     《mā āsmk؟》
"What is your name?"

                                         
         The Reply was Layla
She replies with 《Beautiful Night》

      
 《Asmī Laīْlaẗ》
"My name is Layla"

She returned the question.

        
     《mā āsmk؟》
"What is your name?"
His reply was cryptic

 
  《šīṭānk》
  "Shaytan"

She proclaimed him a demon


《šīṭān!》
"Demon!"

He laughed mysteriously
                                                                Precipice
Perched upon the Edge of the Boundary of Between Life and Death
she shows no fear......



"History Runs Around―"
    A Time
In An Era of pain and sorrow, I chose and took his hand

If you are prepared to drink the cruel poison of "Eternity," then we'll live together

"Even if I'm not allowed to die as a human... still, I......"




~Ishidatami no Akaki Shaytan~

If you are prepared
                                   to drink the cruel poison of "Eternity," we'll live together
  Because I choose

The Chronicles of History is as Rapid as the Blink of an Eye
                 "The History of Conflict Runs Around──"



                                                     The Departed
Though the wind kept bringing 《Rulers》 to that land
in just the blink of an eye, everyone had left

                             Songs
Let's sing the Epic Poems of wars that history dares not deceive
The defeated fall to the earth, flowers scatter again

From within the cage eroded by thousands of years of solitude
                    Light
a scarlet 《Flame》 freed his decaying body


The Chronicles of History is as Rapid as the Blink of an Eye
                 "The History of Hatred Runs Around──"
The 《Demon》 sings, using words without promise


                                                    Windmills
Though time kept turning 《Observers》 to that land,
with the brilliance of a single moment in hand, the seasons passed

                        Songs
Let's sing the Odes of wars that history dares not speak of
Ash falls and wraps the earth, flowers bloom again

From outside the cage, where thousands of torturous torments lie
                    Light
a scarlet 《Flame》 freed his decaying body

                             
                          Layla
《Beautiful Maiden of The Night》, all that you love seems to slip from your grasp
                                           Tears
Before your flowing 《Droplets》 form a river I offer a kiss of oath
                            
                          Layla
《Beautiful Maiden of The Night》, all that you desire seems to slip from your grasp
Will you resign and lament this sorrowful era? I dare ask you now──


【The sealed aqua blue】⇔【The liberated ruby red】
Escape the Dungeon. The Two Flames Danced Upon its Walls
  The Two Flames Dance Upon the Stone Pavement's Walls

Left behind by time, in the too-long darkness
                                                                                                    Light
I had even forgotten my own name, until I saw your 《Flame》, until you called upon me──


Therefore──
I shall drive out all that harms you
                     Shed Blood
Before the 《Droplets》 forms a river, I shall end everything
                            
                          Layla
《Beautiful Maiden of The Night》, I shall sweep away all that you hate with my very hand
                                                                             Conflict
Is it those heretics? Your brethren? Or 《Holy War》 itself?

I dare ask you now──



The Chronicles of History is as Rapid as the Blink of an Eye
The 《Demon》 incites, using flames without promise




~Shinryakusuru Mono Sareru Mono~

The Chronicles of History is as Rapid as the Blink of an Eye

                                         Celt Iberos
The walls built by the Celtiberians were torn down
      Carthage's
The Carthaginian's victory dance shook the very earth
Hispānia Rōma paved the wastelands and laid down stone
The Vandal's army ravaged the land with savage vigor

The Visigoths inherited the history and culture of an exiled legacy
that met new cultures through Umayyad, letting flowers blossom
Aragón   Cataluña    Castilla
Aragon=Catalonia⇔Castile=León, formed alliances
                                                                                                       Reconquista
If Granada ← falls, the eternal wish will be fulfilled: "Complete Reconquest"


Ah... hearing the church bells behind them, soldiers put a cross to their chests and marched forward
Ah... at the summit of the mountains, riding on warhorses, they fixed their gaze
                    
                Alhambra
on→ "The Red Fortress"

     الْحَمْرَاء
Alhambra...



The ones who took my father from me were those who sliced with a cross,
those of holy book
The ones who took my mother from me were those who slayed with a sword,
        أخ
      Akh
《Brothers》 of sacred scriptures

Why... can't mankind break free of
the repeating chain of conflict?
Who should a weak person like myself hate? Ah... I finally understand......



Regain the land of our forefathers, taken by those invaders
⚔
These invaders make us laugh, they are but blood-smeared children

Let these pagans who demean our saviour reduce to rust
⚔
Their prophet is no god, but mere the idol of heretics

Invaders⇔Invaded ← History repeats itself
Invaders⇔Invaded ← History repeats again

"Even now, fellow brothers continue to fight each other?
Mankind, your true enemy... is me!"

                                                                                                              
The ebony forces led by the bronze wolf, a 【A Very Valiant Ishaq】
The ivory forces led by the battle savvy, 【Holy Knight Ramírez】
Victory and justice, the Iberian "Rhapsody" of a warrior's loyalty to his sword

Ishat, Huwa lakum Malik
【Hellfire is thy Lord】

       
   Alfalah       Hermano Mayor                 Alraaei          Hermano Menor
《Farmer―The Older Brother》 ⇔  《Shepherd―The Younger Brother》

Fear thou, the name of evil
Fear thou, thee children of God──"The Holy War of Iberia"



"After the demon left a united holy empire rose, centered in Castile.
Could this signal a respite from the long holy war in Iberia?

We who have lost our homeland are left in exile, and can only watch over history through song.
We only wish that the warhorses' neighs never cross the sturdy border of the summit of Pyrenees..."





You, thousands of years later,
does conflict still exist on your horizon?
I dare ask you now──

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

7th Story CD - Marchen


~Yoiyami no Uta~

――And【The Seventh Comedy】will continue to repeat...... ⇒
[Und die siebte Komödie wird sich wiederholen]

7
“What burns this body is”
6
“Deceptive flames that extol purification.”
5
“What burns this heart is”
4
“Hateful flames that sing of revenge.”
3
“Hunger and disease, suspicion and slaughter.”
2
“Dark era dwelling in the depths of Id.”
1
“Start a chain reaction like the black death.
März, even if you fell into hell-”

“-I・ still・ love・ you”
[Für Elise/Beethoven]

This story is fiction
But that doesn’t mean everything is made up
[Diese Geschichte ist Fiktion. Doch deswegen ist nicht alles an ihr erfunden..]

-And now Dusk arrives on this horizon...
[Und jetzt Dunkelheit liegt sich über die Lande.]

The nocturnal tragedy, dashing towards the end, the seventh horizon “Märchen”.
[Denn die Ende entgegen, eine rechtliche Rachetragödie, der sebte horizont "Märchen"]

『Who』 am I? There are blanks in my accounts; that pure white page/hair is stained by dusk
I was at the bottom of the well when I came to, looking up at the sky. The cute girl[Mädchen] I was embracing opened her mouth

“Ufufu...I love you, Mär. Now we’ll be together forever and ever, right? Ahahahaha!”

“Let’s take revenge, okay?”

“Let’s take revenge” she whispered, and her tone sounded somewhat familiar
For what and for whom – I couldn’t remember, and I simply followed my impulse

Faces contorted in pain; voices screaming in grief; within shudders and regret

Ah, revenge is due to sin, so accept it in solemn silence – it’s too late for laments
At last, the curtains draw upon the 777[comedy] leading from Mori to Id
The seven actresses[Schauspielerinnen]!

“Now, let us have the beautiful dead princesses on stage.”

Now that death has come, no matter how many regrets you have, it’s too late
My lady[Fräulein], you are alone[Du bist Allein], a corpse wandering the paths of night

A story[roman] met by chance, ah, this must be destiny as well

A small mouth[Mundelein], seven pains[Sieben Pein], weave them while you don’t forget, come now—

“Come, try to sing...”

Come..come...come the night...
The seven fairytales...lalala...
[Kam...kam...die nacht kam...
Das Sieben Märchen...lalala..]

Seven fairytales that begin in the grave, a paradoxical trap dwelling at the bottom of Id
The author of the tales, armed with intentional lies, weaves fantasies of disorder

Within a world[mosaic] interwoven with light and darkness, love and hatred overflow

I feel like I once loved someone
The flames of hatred dance wildly
I feel like I’ve been loved by someone as well...

↑ Ah, but you must’ve been imagining things ↑

If you hate someone, then let me help you with your revenge!

Come..come...come the night...
The seven fairytales...lalala...
[Kam...kam...die nacht kam...
Das Sieben Märchen...lalala..]

“Going against the Black Death, the melodies head east.”

[Eine Kleine Nachtmusik/Mozart]

Joy, lovely divine light,
Daughter of Elysium
We march, drunk with fire,
Holy One, to thy holy kingdom.
Thy magic binds together
What tradition has strongly parted,
All men will be brothers
Dwelling under the safety of your wings.
[Ode to Joy/Beethoven]

[“Fantasie” Impromptu, Op.66/Chopin]

[Pictures at an exhibition – promenade/Mussorgsky]

\-I didn’t want to perish here/
\Boy, I can say the same of you, right?/ Yes.
\Don’t you still have things left to do on earth?/ Yes!
\The time is ripe. Come, boy, take me into yourself!/

“Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!”

\-Carrying two flames inside, even the lady over there will awake soon!/

Waking up in beloved arms...within the well leading to Mori...
I am a doll singing of murderous intent...within the forest leading to Id...
AaAA4a4aaaaa444Aaaa...within the well leading to Mori...
Deep crimson and pitch black shadows dancing in dusk...within the forest leading to Id...
[Peer Gynt – In the Hall of the Mountain King/Grieg]

They killed me...they stole my future[light]...
I won’t let them...live on...without judgment...

-And now
Dusk arrives on this horizon...

The nocturnal revenge tragedy, dashing towards the end, the seventh horizon “Märchen”.


In the night illuminated by the moonlight, where melodies that take flight towards murder intertwine


Ah, revenge is due to sin, so accept it in solemn silence – it’s too late for laments
At last, if you want to sing of your grudges in this band of dusk
The concorpsetor is your friend!

“Now, come again once you’ve died a noble death.”

7
6
5
4
3
2
1
And go!
Disappearing shadows, you stretch out your hand, but darkness is deep
Lady[Fräulein], your shine[dein Schein] and sparkle are things[lights] of the past

A paradise[Eden] dreamt of during your lifetime, ah, it’s Lost in oblivion
A small lake[Bächlein], crimson wine[Rot Wein], weave while they don’t dry up, come now-
The history of death!

“Ufufu...I love you, Mär.
Let’s continue our revenge forever and ever!
Helping those fools get their revenge is how we’ll get ours.
We can go on forever like this.
Because human beings can’t help but hate each other!
Ahahahahaha..!!!”

Märchen

“Ufufufufufu!!”




~Kakei no Majo~

Gluttony
[Vollerei]

“A twisted altar dedicated to sin.
A corpse offered to god.
Why did you cross this border?
Come, try to sing.”


As if pulling in the threads of my faint memories
I step into the dark, gloomy forest
As if tracing the paths of my childhood memories
I marched into the depths of the forest I entered
Crossing the river, going left at the ghostly fir
And there stood the place of my birth

“Ever since I can remember, my father’s whereabouts were unknown,
And I lived a humble life with my mother.
I was often blamed groundlessly and bullied for things like putting poison into the well,
The only friends that I could speak of were the animals in the forest...”
(“Get out! Get out!” “Witch! Witch!” “You’re disgusting!” “Don’t follow us!”)

But still...ah...mother...I was happy...
Did...you know...why? Because you were with me

So why did my mother abandon me?
I wanted to know that no matter what...

A monastery in a big city took me in when I was young
But because of the violent storms of Reformation
And the new believers, ah, it was destroyed mercilessly
(“We’re gonna drive out the fallen clergy!”
“Destroy their altar! True faith is in our hands!”
“Stop it! Please stop it!”)

Life has its ups and downs, and since I cannot grasp the workings of fate
I believed that one end leads to another beginning; working up my courage
I began my trip in search for my homeland, to seek the answer for my longstanding question

Crossing the river, going left at the ghostly fir
And there stood the place of my birth

“What awaited me was a stone-like old woman,
(“I’m home, mother...eh!?” “Oh, you’re the one sent by our Lord Jesus. Thank you for coming.”)
I could hardly believe that this stranger could be my mother.
(“It’s stale bread, but did it match your tastes?” “I can eat this forever!”)
I saw no light of recognition in her eyes, and looking at her, desperate for food,
(“Madam, do you not know who I am?” “What are you babbling about...”)
I thought that she’d already lost her mind.
(“Are you discriminating against me too? Give me more, give me more food!”)
And...
(“Noooooo!”)

I converted, but it was too late
It became impossible to secure food for even one person.
An inverted cross that makes a mockery of repentance.
My prayers don’t reach.
Without gaining forgiveness, sins merely increase in number...


“I see...
So that’s how you were sacrificed? Against your will, to boot...
This might take some time, but a child’s grudge should be avenged by a child.
Is that alright?
Now, let the revenge tragedy begin.”


Poor siblings[children] who were abandoned in the forest
I understand the sad feelings of abandoned children, painfully so

Ah, controlling the birds, I made the trail of breadcrumbs disappear
(“The breadcrumbs are...getting eaten!”)
I had the birds, white as snow, sing in invitation
(“Ah! Hey, brother, that’s an interesting bird!”
“You’re right. Let’s try chasing it!”)

“Look, Hänsel, big brother. There’s a house over there!”
“But Gretel, that might be a scary witch’s house...still.”
“Still?”
“Better than...dying with an empty stomach!”

“Is anyone here?”
“Oh my, what cute guests. Are you hungry? Come on in.”

“The roof is made out of lebkuchen, the windows are of sugar.
I’ll give you this delicious house made from sweets!”

Ah, you don’t need to hold back
Letting kids eat as much as they wanted has always been my small dream
Ah, my loan shark husband didn’t come back alive
But he left me with some inheritance...

The siblings[two] took advantage of the old woman’s kindness; her selfless actions, and ate
(“This is delicious! Gretel, you have some too!” “Yeah, it’s delicious, brother!”)
One day, the girl looked at the boy who’d become round and grew afraid
(“Delicious!” “B-brother?” “Delicious! Gretel, if you’re not going to eat, let me have your portion!”)

“Ah! The old woman is a witch, and she’s going to eat us!”

It’d be B-A-D if we don’t kill her before she kills us!
Kick her HARD! In the back!

“You won’t be able to eat us.”
“You’re great, Gretel! Now the witch’s finished!”
“We have to let Thomas know as well.”
“Yep, the evil witch was burnt, and now all treasure”
“Belongs to us!”

“Hey Tom-“
“Tom-“
“Hey there Hans! How did you get so fat?”
“Tada!”
“Woah! We really got lucky!”


“So every old woman who lives in the forest alone are witches.”
“Geez, children are such cold-hearted liars. I hate them. Ahahahaha!”






~The Black Landlady's Inn~

Greed
[Geiz]

“A joyful black swing, swaying in the dusk wind.”

Swing. Swing. Swing with the wind.
Dance, black swing...

“Why did you cross this border?
Come, try to sing...”


I was born in a poor village and always had an empty stomach
If there really was a house made of sweets, that’d be mighty nice

“People can only be saved by faith”

Some great chap once said; I hear tell ‘twas written in some book
If God really would save me, I reckon I could eat t’ my heart’s content

Our folks went out with sickles in hands
The sky’s color on that day was sorrowfully red...
(“This is for the village!” “This is all for our families, everyone, let’s go!” “We’re gonna come back!” “Don’t be worryin’ ‘bout us now!” “We’re gonna have to part sooner or later.”)

“After General Gefenbauer-----!”

When the cannons roar「even without wings」people roam the skies「high and light」It’s a war in name only, a true massacre
Ah, with farm tools as weapons 「that’s too bad」their ranges are too short 「cruelly so」It’s a war in name only, a true massacre

Most o’ the workers in the village didn’t come back...

“And I was sold t’ a faraway city.”

Age: Unknown. Gender: Unknown. Experiences: Scandalous. Truly a life of disgrace.
The suspicious landlady is secretly active night after night in this inn.
Its name is “Black Fox Bower”!
(Von Unbekanten Alter und Geschlecht. Begegnen verheißen Pech. Ein Leben ist’s mehr schlechter als Recht. Der Gasthof der Wirtin "Kurogitsunetei")

“One dirty old woman past her prime.
To live on while keeping a straight face...isn’t all sunshine and roses!”

“All my beloved men broke fragilely.
Is it my luck, or is it just this era...”
“Ah, Müntzer was noble,
Hutten was flamboyant,
Sickingen was, ah, more passionate than anyone else ♡”
(“Hey there, I’ll be intruding upon your hospitality.”
“Go back if yer intrudin’.”)

“Landlady, landlady! Hey, ye damned ol’ woman!”
“What now~?♡”
“The customer’s a-waitin’.”
“Geez, shut it!
I was at a good place!”
“Seriously...”

“I wonder, who was it that took in a backwater girl like you?
So..watch your mouth!”
(“Alrighty. alrighty”)

“Come on in, sir. How about some warm beer?” (“Hmm...” “It’s good.”)
“Let me serve you our joy and pride, the best liver cuisine!” (“Alright!” “Yeah”)
(“Oh, I see. I’ll have some then!”)

“Ahhh shit!”

Glarin’ at the landlady who flew out into the dusk
The customer was angry, and I tried apologizin’
(“Hey, hey, what’s goin’ on here? Ain’t this a bar!?”
“What’re ye sayin’? ‘tis an inn, sorry.”)

-And one hour later...

The landlady came back, uncarin’ o’ the atmosphere
In her hands, she carried fresh ingredients fer atonement
(“Everyone! I kept you waiting!”
“There she is! Where were you!?”
“It’s a liver sent straight from the farm! Ohohoho!”
“Ohh, nice!”)

At the smell o’ that, the customer, mad with anger, regained his good mood
And the landlady, who added the flavors, continued her rampage...
(“Man, that was really good! Ah, how wonderful! I never thought I’d be able to eat cuisine like this in such a backwater town, hahaha!”
“Well, sorry fer bein’ backwater!”)

“Ohohoho!
If we don’t have a corpse, we can just make one!
I’m sick of that, sick of being poor...and hungry...
I don’t want to feel miserable like that again!”

“I tried my hardest to live, but nothin’ ever went my way.
So in the end, what’s up with life...I don’t get it...”


“I see, so that’s how you were hung. Regrettably, for a crime you don’t remember ever committing.
Fact or fiction, things that were taken are things to be regained.
Now, let the revenge tragedy begin!”


Knock knock knock knock knock knock the door
Knock knock knock knock knock knock the door
Knock knock knock knock knock knock the door

Dance, black

“Give back my liver...”

S w i n g

“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!”


“Even if one tries to make money in cheap ways, it wouldn’t go over so well, huh.”
“It’d be strange if a sloppy plan like that went well. Ufufufufu!!”






~Garasu no Hitsugi de Nemuru Himegimi~

Envy
[Neid]

“A glass coffin. A sleeping princess.
Why did you cross this border?
Come, try to sing...”


Skin as white as snow and hair black as ebony
Lips red like blood; I was born, desired by winter

Tender warmth, the scent of spring passed by
Leaving behind sweet and sad pain, my birth mother went faraway...

“Mirror, o mirror...who is the fairest in this world?”
“That’s you – 《the Queen》[die Königin]!”

“Ohohohohoho!”

My stepmother was cold to me, and I remembered my dead mother’s love
Embracing it thus, I danced with illusions, becoming a young woman with the passing of days...

“Mirror, o mirror...who is the fairest in this world?”
“That used to be you – 《the Queen》[die Königin]...
But now it’s her - 《Snow White》<Schneewittchen>”
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!”

“Ooooooh, oh....hah, hah, hah....princess!”
“Nooo!! Don’t come here, geezer!”
“Ohhhhhh, wait for me!”
“No way--!!”
“Princess!!”

“I was chased by the old hunter, and I ran into the forest...”

“I didn’t really...want to do this.”
“Then why did you?”
“Princess, I can’t defy the queen.”
“Please, spare me!”
“Princess, I find it hard to kill you myself.”
“Then I promise you, I’ll never go back to the castle!”
“Then I have a plan as well. I’ll kill a pig and pretend it’s you!”

“And, what awaited me was...”

The approaching shadows of dusk swallow the path I walk
I found a small, cute house in this unknown forest I stumbled into

“Ah! Someone’s sleeping on our bed-rungen!”
“Seriously!?”
“Is she dead-galt?”
“No, she’s still living-lich!”
“Everyone, what do we do now-romberg?”
“Hmm.”
“Usually, a prince kisses her, right-chen?”
“Ohhhhhh!” “So, any princes amongst us-schtein?”
“Well, she’d have to settle with an old man this time.”
“That’s right!”
“Mmm...”
“Guten morgen!”
“Ohh!”

A beautiful young girl, waking up after a refreshing nap!
Those who awaited my awakening are seven dwarves with cute accents,
After that, I nearly died several times thanks to my sly stepmother,
But every time, I miraculously revived!
(“You! Who the hell are you?”
“My name is Idolfried Ehrenberg. Please feel free to call me Ido.”
“Stop screwing around! Where’s Cortes?”
“I have no obligation to tell a fool like you.”
“Shut it!”)

“Hi there.”
“I’m sorry, m’am. I can’t let anyone inside the house...”

“You home alone? How admirable!
I’ll give you one of these red, ripe apples[apfel], here you go!”

“I’m sorry, m’am.
I don’t need it. I can’t take anything...”

“Oh my, you worry too much!
Well, if you hold suspicion[zweifel], then you can share it with this old lady!”

Unable to resist the tempting devil[teufel], the 7th sin tastes like honey

“I’m diggin in!”
“I’m diggin in...”
“Ah!”
“Hehehe...”

“Mirror, o mirror...who is the fairest in this world?”
“That’s you – 《the Queen》[die Königin]!”

“Ohohohoho!!”


“I see. So that’s how you were deceived?
Then, let’s use a certain man’s peculiar preference in your revenge.
Now, it’ll be soon. Wait for your fated other in the world of dreams...”


Where is my ideal bride?
Ah, I’ve searched west and east, north and south, against rain and wind
But still, I couldn’t find her

A girl opening towards the future, an old woman opened towards the past
I’ve tried loving all the living women[people], the buds and the flowers, but still I couldn’t find her

The approaching shadows of dusk swallow the path I walk
I found a small, cute house in this unknown forest I stumbled into

You, dead while looking asleep within the closed glass
Are more beautiful than anyone else. I’ve finally found you!

“Dwarves, will you give me that corpse?”
“This”
“Guy”
“Is”
“Definitely”
“A”
“Prince”
“Charming”
“So why not?”

“Now, those fools are going to mess up soon...
Are you prepared, my princess?”
“Make sure you carry it carefully.”
“Yes, Your Highness! Ah-!”
“Ahh-!”
“Guten morgen!”
“Ahh-!!”
“Now, let the revenge tragedy begin!”

Enchanting white skin and hair black as obsidian
Lips red like fire
If your sin was being jealous of them
Wear burning boots-

And dance till you die!

“Kyahaha! Ahaha! Ahahahaha!”
“Hothothothothot! Aahhh! Hothothothot! Gyaaah-!!
“What is that? Can’t you dance any better? It’s your cute daughter’s wedding, you know? Ahahaha!”
“Good grief...”


“Mirror, oh mirror, Mär-mirror,
Who’s the cutest in the world? Ufufu?”
“Of course it’s princess Elise.”
“Really!? I’m happy! Ahahaha!”




~Sei to Shi wo Wakatsu Kyoukai no Furuido~

Sloth [Tragheit]
“Oh? So you fell in as well?

This should be our first meeting, so where is this mysterious familiarity coming from...
Whatever. Why did you cross this border separating life and death?
Come, try to sing..?”


The sun rises, ah, and I’m covered with sweat. Cooking, washing, all of that is my job
Ah, my spiteful mother[widow]’s favorite phrase

“Do you want to get kicked out? You scum!”
She says-

But I’m working hard today as well, daddy[Vati]!

The sun sets, ah, and I’m covered with dust. Cooking, washing, all of that was pushed onto me
Ah, my ill-natured sister’s favorite phrase

“Do you want me to tell on you? You scum!”
She says-

But I’ll work hard tomorrow as well, daddy!

My dad was a boat rider, but somehow he fell into a well and died.
So I don’t really like wells.
Still, my stepmother was merciless to me...

I spun thread beside the well, and my fingertips are...
Scratched, and red blood flows out
Staining the spindle red,
So when I looked into the well, hoping to wash it
It flew out of my hand like a fish yearning for water
And sunk into the depths of well.

Like a maiden[Loreley] who laments her sad love-

(“I’m home~~”)
I went home crying, but my stepmother said to me mercilessly-
“You scum! Get it back even if you have to dive in! If not, no dinner for you tonight!”
“You scum!” “Get it back!” “No dinner for you tonight!”

I hurried on, with dusk pressing at my back...

“What should I do, daddy? Worst case scenario, I’ll be going over! Ceui!”

3
2
1


“I see, you’re a pretty miserable but energetic child.
If you’re unsure about your revenge, I’ll give you some time.
Stay in this border’s ancient well for a while,
And think over your grudge...”


When I woke up, I saw beautiful grassy plains
Thousands of flowers bloomed
Within a well leading towards another land, I met a man[Id] embracing his impulse[Id]
And sang of my grudge under his conducting. Am-
I dead? Is this heaven? Or my imagination? I don’t know.
But it’s alright! I’ll do my best, daddy, like always!

“We’re in a fix. Pull me out, pull me out.
I’m already nicely toasted.”
“Seriously!?”
“We have a problem here. Shake me down, shake me down.
Everyone’s already ripe.”
“Ohh!”

Listening to the request of the speaking bread
I took them all out with a shovel
“Yay~☆”

And-
I shook the apple tree until all of them came tumbling down

After that-
It’s a simple matter of piling up the scattered apples
“Fuu~☆”

“Bass!”
“Shoo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo♪”

“Guitar!”

“Piano!”

“Thank you!”

“You’re quite an energetic child...”
“Kyah-!”
“Ahahahaha! No need to fear.”
“Ah, don’t tell me, you’re that Madam Holle mentioned in the fairytales!?”
“Geez, what a bad mouth. Don’t call me madam, call me big sis.”

“All things with form will crumble someday,
All living things will welcome death someday.
You’ve worked hard until now. You’re a strong girl.
But if you work for me from now on, you’ll definitely become happy!”

“Okay, I’ll work hard!”

Ah, shaking up the beautifully whirling feather blankets is my new job
Ah, making flowers of snow fall on the ground is my small deed

“If you want to meet winter, just tell me ♥”

“Ouch!”
“Now, now! Don’t get it over your head!
But still, you’ve worked very hard for me up till now.
I’ll grant your wish of homecoming. Holle!”

When the big doors opened, it rained gold
In a split second, I was covered with it from head to toe...


“That’s a reward for all the work you’ve done.
Well, don’t hesitate to take it.
However, if your attitude towards work wasn’t serious enough,
Maybe something else would’ve rained down...”


Cock-a-doodle-doo! Our golden lady is home!
“I’m home!”

The day passes, ah, I’m covered with gold. I don’t have to do all the cooking or washing anymore!
Ah, words of wisdom from my fool of a stepmother

“Why don’t you get some as well, 《My Dear Daughter》[Chi-chan]”
“Okay, I’ll work hard...”
She says-

If you can do it, then go ahead and try!

“Now, let the revenge tragedy begin!”
Cock-a-doodle-doo! Our pitchy lady is home!

The day ends, ah, you’re covered in pitch
See, your lazy attitude is your sin, you reap what you sow! Hey-

Why don’t you work hard from now on!

“No! I can’t get this off! It’s not coming off! No no no! Take it off, take it off mutti!”
“Ah, poor you...”
“No no! No no no!”
“My, my, isn’t that nice. It fits you, Chi! Ahahahaha!”
“No no! no no no!”
“Why is this happening to a good kid like you!?”
“Nooooo!”
“Ahahahaha....”


“This time’s revenge was pretty cute.”
“Oh my, being covered in pitch all of your life is a punishment worse than death for a girl! Ahahahaha!”





~Bara no Tou de Nemuru Himegimi~

Pride
[Hochmut]

“The border between curses and blessings. The darkness the maiden fell into – a deep slumber.
A tower of roses. A sleeping princess. Why did you cross this border?
Now, try to sing...”


Hundreds of loneliness dancing in the slumbering forest
Butterflies rot against the moonlight and see dreams of death

【Seventh sin】
[siebte schuld]
The reason I sleep, embraced by wild roses...

What the queen[mother] heard when she bathed was a frog’s voice telling of her pregnancy
“Your desired child will be born before a year passes.”
“Oh my...”

The king[father], overcome with joy, held a great feast to celebrate the princess’[my] birth
Because there was one less golden plate, the incident occurred...

【Seventh sin】
The virgin who died without love
【Seventh sin】
The reason she sleeps, embraced by wild roses...

“Oh, I’m so glad you all came!”
“I’m honored to receive an invitation. In celebration of the princess’ birth, I shall bless her with virtue.”
“I bless her with beauty!”
“I’ll give her riches.”
“And I..”
“Oh my! Everyone is gathered here.”
“Ooh!”
“Good evening to you all, a fine one indeed. Ohohoho! How presumptuous!!”
“Watch your mouth!”

“You invited all the wise women with magic scattered throughout the country...
But not me, you arrogant king, let me spice up this feast of blessing with a curse!”

“The princess’ destiny is to live for fifteen years.
Let her be pricked by a spindle, fall on the floor and die!”

“No-“
“《Thirteenth Wise Woman》[Alte-Rose], let’s not say such ill-omened words.
A hundred years. She’ll look dead, but she’ll merely be asleep on a bed!”

“So only time will tell which of us holds the greater power...”

“I can’t wait until fifteen years is over, Aprikose!”
“Ufufu, I wonder?”
“Ohohohohoho!”

Morning and night repeat themselves,
Regardless of our wishes and desires.
Time flies by like an arrow, and the great tree gains a few new rings.
On the morning of my fifteenth birthday, I...

【Seventh sin】
The reason I sleep, embraced by wild roses...

“I’m so excited...”

The flickering flames of the candle lights up the gloomy darkness, I walk around the stone-walled room and go up the tower
After ascending the narrow spiral staircase, I saw an old woman spinning thread alone

“Hi, madam. What are you doing here?”
“I’m spinning yarn.”
“Then, what’s that? That interesting-looking thing spinning round and round!?”
“Ah...what...hnn...”


“I see, so that’s why you were embraced by wild roses.
Do you want a kiss leading towards your awakening?
But too bad, I’m not your prince charming!
Now, it’ll be soon. Wait upon your fated other in the world of dreams...”


Where is my ideal bride?
Ah, I’ve searched west and east, north and south, against rain and wind
But I couldn’t find her...just when that thought entered my mind
I heard a wonderful rumor-

~A white castle embraced by the hedge of wild roses
The tower of roses desiring the sky, a beautiful princess sleeping within~

Ah, just hearing the legend of the princess of wild roses, I felt it was destiny
She must be 《the Woman I’m Searching for》[my Elys]
Then I’ll overcome any kind of hardship!

The mist within the forest of wandering dissipates
Are you inviting me? Towards my lovely princess
The hedge of thorns opened their mouths
Are you guiding me? Towards my lovely woman-

The flickering flame of the candle lights up the slumbering darkness.
I dashed through the stone-walled room and ran up the tower.
After ascending the narrow spiral staircase-
I saw a lone maiden lying in the room...


“Now, princess. Are you prepared?”
“I’m digging in.”
“Let the revenge tragedy begin!”


The princess awoke from the fated kiss of the prince,
The wild roses that have fulfilled their jobs withered where they stood.
Even the joyful people in the castle who have indulged in an overly long afternoon nap,
Now woke up as if nothing happened, and went about their happy days.
(“Listen to this! I couldn’t really get any sleep recently.”
“Oh my, lack of sleep is bad for your sin.”
“Hmph!”
“Gyaaaaaaaah--!!”
“How many times do I have to say it before you get it through that head of yours, brat! I’m really gonna beat you up!”
“Give it up, you chicken.”
“You already beat me up, didn’t ya, boss~”)

【Seventh sin】
Daring to curse the noble princess
【Seventh sin】
You are the arrogant one!

“Someone, get Alte-Rose!”
“Yes!”
“Don’t even think you could ever step foot on this land again!”
“Rose princess! Don’t ever forget this! I’ll leave you with another curse as a parting gift! Ahahahaha! Ahahahahaha!!”
“Hurry along! Silence!”

-And she,
Would abandon the newborn princess in the forest...
[Sie aber nahm. Die neugeborene Prinzessin. Und setzte sie aus in dem Wald.]


“That woman really takes advantage of every situation.”
“Hurting a woman’s pride leads to disastrous results, huh.”
“My, of course!”



~Aoki Hakushaku no Shiro~

Lust
[Wollust]

“A paradise rot in dusk. Hanged corpses.
Why did you cross this border?
Come, try to sing...”


Tracing my...hazy...memories...
Picturing my...vague...self...
With what kind of...face...did I smile...with what kind of...voice...did I sing...
Why...is my favorite...white...gown[kleid]...so...red...

Ah..that’s right...I...
Was killed...by...him...

The earl was called bluebeard since sometime ago
When I married him, he was already called such
His kind gaze was tinged with darkness Was it due to the smell of metal that clung to him and the stench of blood?

Ah, my husband doesn’t love me, I tried to act in ignorance at first
But I can’t fake it anymore, because I loved him more than anyone else

In the long nights of seasons past
Who was the one embraced and loved in the depths of your eyes?

In the lengthy darkness of seasons never to return
Sins of lust were repeated in the depths of the forbidden room, to bury loneliness, to burn away emptiness, ah...

Was it out of irritation at a broken vow,
Or was it out of love? I still don’t know.

Perhaps my reason died along with my first wife when I killed her,
I took in new wives and raped them, raped them and killed them...

“Dear! Stop it!”
“You want forgiveness!? Kneel!”

“Hey, what’s wrong? You’re not your normal self?”
“Sit, you pig!”

“Please stop! Aaah-!”
“Ahahaha...now, go on your journey!”

“I’m sorry, please stop!”
“That’s right! Cry! Yell!”

“It’s painful...”
“Ahahaha...!”

No matter how much I prayed in faith, salvation wasn’t bestowed...
Even if my opponent is god, as long as there’s a hole[loch], ah, I’ll pierce it...
《With my spear[Longinus]!》

“I won’t forgive those ungrateful pigs who judged you as a witch!”


“I see. So you...all of you were hung within this forbidden and secret room.
Shed blood should be paid for with bloodshed at dusk.
Now, let the revenge tragedy begin.”


While he was absent, she went around the treasure rooms
Constantly bothered by the room she never opened
So these are the words I whispered at her ear...

“A wonderful treasure is hidden in the forbidden room of the golden key...”

Yes, once you’ve inserted it into the keyhole, just turn it
They’ll be coming out soon, our 【Corpses and Impulses[Id]】

Ah, women truly seek embrace for their souls, not their bodies
(“Where’s the key to my secret room?” “Um...it’s...” “Oh? So you disobeyed me.” “Eh?”
“Alright. If you want to see it that badly, I’ll give it to you. You’ll be the new residence in that room today.”)
You’re a sinful man, but you’re my beloved too
(“No! Please, let me say my prayers before I die, at least.” “Hehehe, alright...”)

Hatred will not bring healing to sadness
Only a song will resound at dusk
Let’s put an end to your comedy!
(“Save me, brother, come-!”
“Are you done yet? Hurry up!”)

“Hurry up!”

“I can’t wait any longer!”
“Ah, kyaaaah!”
“Ooooooh!”
“Brother!”
“Die, bluebeard!”
“Fuhahahaha!”
“Ah, aaaah...”
“What? Damn, you monster!”
“Brother!”
“Come here quickly!”
“Hahaha....”


“Revenge might be a twisted form of love.”
“Still, why can’t humans separate love from lust? How disgusting. Ahahahaha!”





~Takkei no Seijo~

Wrath

[Zorn]

“A church with no visitors. A journeying violinist.
A crucified female saint who became a statue.
Why did you cross this border?
Come, try to sing...”


It has come! The fated time! It has come! The promised time!
[Es kam! Zeit des schicksals. Es kam! Zeit des Versprechens.]

“Come, your father is waiting.”

I proceed with determined, gray footsteps
I feel a gust of wind in my back, and turn around just once

The scent of dusk is strangely nostalgic
Yes, I even felt like it was giving me a push

I tremble alone at the surging sadness, tracing a distant promise

promise

At the ends of a fragile, twisted time of welling hatred; I stared at darkness with a kiss
Ah   still empty   still faded   twisted   ah   gathering sins   with a kiss

Even    now    I don’t forget
Even    now    I don’t remember

“Your Highness, I’ve brought the lady.”
“Elisabeth. Be glad! Your husband has been decided!
The one who proposed is Rhein Pfalz.
He’s a dream come true for a spinster like you, isn’t he?”
“Pardon my words, brother.”
“How many times do I have to tell you to call me father!?”
“No, brother, I have no intention of marrying anyone!”

If I have to live on while faking love
Then I don’t mind dying with the truth

I wished for the wild roses we found
To embrace you, so I planted them around the grave
But even at the very end, they didn’t bloom, did they...

The white bird in the birdcage that fell in love with the moonlight
Even knowing that it’d fall to the ground, would flap its wings till the very end
So what I’m singing at dusk is not a song of grudge...
(“Walter. You and Mother even faked your identities to protect her, and this is how it ends.”
“Your Highness...” “Hahahaha! Crucify that foolish girl.”
“Your Highness!”)


“I see. So that’s how you were crucified.
You did well in following your own will till the very end.
But would he really have wished for that at the cost of your own life?
Whatever. Now, let the revenge tragedy begin...!”


“No. I don’t wish for any of that.
Everyone has their own circumstances and fates to bear.
You came to see me. I’m happy with that alone.
Hey, do you really not remember? Those days that seem so bright even now.”

“...I’m really excited now.
Because the forest – the world is so wide!”

“What a pretty flower.”
“Woah, really!”
“I’ll put it in your hair.”
“You would? Make it cute.”
“It fits you.”
“Really?”

“Mär, make sure you’ll come for me!”
“Yes, I promise you.”

“Mär, you kept your promise, didn’t you? Even going as far as that...”

The cold chains that bind you, who have lost your flame[light]
(“Oh, the great female saint!” ”So it was true.” “With this, your sins are..”)
Are the love and hatred of the two who thought of you, who have lost love[light] to death

The bird takes towards the sky, and the corpse returns to earth, continuing to betray providence
The day breaks towards the morning of end, and our next parting is forever-

But...

I don’t regret this at all, ah , this is my life
Not《A Noble Lady》[von Wettin], nor《The Daughter of the 7th Elector》[von Sachsen],
I am 《just a girl》[Elisabeth]
Just the one who loved only you...
Just【Elisabeth】


“What now, Mär, you’ve been acting strange since a while ago. What’s wrong?
You can’t take that woman’s words seriously! Let’s just forget about her!
We have to continue our revenge. No matter what.
That’s the reason for our existence, isn’t it!?
Hey, do you really get it, Mär!?”

“Aaaaaaah! For crying out loud! Why won’t you understand?! Mär, you blockhead!
Right now, only I am your Elise!
We’ve had lots of fun, haven’t we!?
We helped take lots of revenges, didn’t we!?
It’s only going to get more fun. That’s right, of course that’s right.
You have me, and I have you!
Let’s continue! Let’s keep this up, the two of us! Hey!!
Let’s keep this up for ever and ever and ever and ever!!
Until this world ends, no, even if the world ends,
Let’s be together for ever and ever! Hey, no, no Mär,
No, don’t don’t don’t! Please, please, Mär...nooooooooooooooooo!!!”

“It’s alright, Elise...”




~Gyoukou no Uta~

G o o d b y e

I wanted to live through the same times with you
However, providence will not allow us

Even while repeating numerous sins, what we sought was-
It was 《Grace》[light] It was《Love》[light] It was《Happiness》[light] It was《Future》[light]

Born in a time of darkness, I met you
Our feelings that attract each other do not cease even after death

I gather songs of dusk and offer it to this grave
For whom is revenge for? Mori and Id, all become epitaphs of seven
“The animals in the forest...”
“It’s good.”
“I’m digging in!”
“Okay, I’ll work hard!”
“I’m so excited.”
“A treasure is hidden...”
“You kept your promise.”

“Ufufu...I love you, Mär.”
“Aren’t you cold, Mär?”

“I see...so that’s how it is...this forest...this well is my...that’s right, Elise.
Our time is already over.”

“That brightly shining era in which you’re smiling even now.
Without hating anyone or regretting death, let’s meet there for sure.”

7
6
5
4
3
2
1

The funeral bell tolls seven times for an era.
And the impulse recedes-


“Mother, the light is warm.”


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
10th Aniversary Maxi - Vanishing Starlight

~Yodaka no Hoshi~

To not let sadness catch up with me I'll aim straight for the sky
with enough 《Speed》 to shake off yesterday
What am I singing for? What did I come here running for?
                                               A Star
I'll leave behind 《Proof of a Burning Life》......



On the shore... that the night's sky descends upon... alone in the darkness... I look to the stars...
No matter where I go... I'm ruled a heretic... The wind pierces... my split lips...

No more rage... No more grief...
Though I can envision an ideal world lacking hatred...
there's no reason to think anyone'd want me alive anyways...
Love me do... Love me do...
I kept screaming out...

To not let sorrow catch up with me I'll aim straight for the sky
with enough 《Speed》 to shake off tears
What am I living for? What was I even born for?
                                    A Star
I'll find a 《Place for a Burning Life》......



Frozen in that wind... is a bleeding glass-work...
                                                                           Your
Or rather, trembling in that cage... is 《The Ego's》 lying shadow...

Therefore

                     Sadness                                                                             The Sky
to not let 《Reality》 catch up with me I'll aim straight for 《My Ideals》
         Enough Speed                                                         Yesterday
with 《Full Speed》 to shake off  《The Smoldering Remains of my Past Self》
What am I singing out for? What did I rush here for?
                                              A Star
I'll leave behind 《Proof of a Burned Life》......

My white breath quickly accelerates... turning to a shimmering flower...
which shatters, piecing my heart... but even so...

Enwrapped with rumors, the crowd gathers, exposing the winds of malice, The Nighthawk soars beyond it all
I don't care if I die, as long as I'm alive I'll let my life burn!




~Mother~

On the shoulder of the boy singing in the moonlight
a back-alley butterfly softly rests its wings

There's no use in using such a coaxing voice to tempt me
but for now I'll pretend to fall for it

Pardon? Fool lady...
Despite what you may see... I'm a bit older than you......

Then... Let's drink it...


Mother, dear mother, I keep on seeking you.
all while satiating my parched throat
Ah... Mother, my mother, I want to kiss your hand.
all while wandering the opposite shore of time eternally frozen.....



From the voice of the boy dancing in the moonlight
the butterfly was lured in, and its wings were clipped
                                           Art                 Murder
Trying to deduce the Fine Art of Unnatural Death is pointless
the circumstantial evidence just doesn't lead here

Pardon? Fool people...
Despite what you may see... I'm know a bit more than you......

Just a moment...


Mother, dear mother, I keep on seeking you.
all while not being able to satiate my parched heart
Ah... Mother, my mother, I want to kiss your cheek.
all while wandering the opposite shore of time eternally frozen.....



Round and around
                                                    Étranger
                                    → the 【Stranger】  of time ← goes around → Though you may
       Laugh
at 《Sneer》 → the futility in counting → how many times the old → grandfather clock whose lost its lord tolls.......................

Ah... the dried flowers wither to sand... their remains... are simply taken away by the wind......

Still... I miss you...

Mother, dear mother, I keep on seeking you.
all while satiating my parched throat
Ah... Mother, my mother, I want to kiss your eyes.
at the end of the opposite shore of time eternally frozen.....

Mother, dear mother, I keep on seeking you.
all while not being able to satiate my parched heart
Ah... Mother, my mother, I want to kiss your heart.
all while wandering the opposite shore of 【The Cage】, never to return......




~Interview with Noel~

Interview with Noël...

Providin' niche and edgy info thru mostly web media,
I'm Eiji Shibukawa from “HEAVY⚡EDGE.” Nice ta see ‘ya!
Man, I can't get over VaniStar, they're lit.
They're like a boomin' shock from the God of Thunder, electrifying with a fierce and furious white-hot spark.
Now, you've just released the most roaring rock song ever,
what was it like when you first met your mysterious producer, Revo?

...from “HEAVY⚡EDGE”

Something real shitty had happened… and I hated everything…
I found myself alone… looking up to the stars…

The moon in the dead of winter… was so white it looked frozen…
and in the darkness… a man in all black… fixed his eyes on me…...

Man, that's a hell of a first meeting. Hey, be real with me, is our lil' Revo really from another world?
Er, I guess he wouldn't say “world” but “horizon” I guess. Man he's weird.
Dressed in all black, wearin' those sunglasses, rings all scattered about his fingers (laughs).
──Never mind never mind. Forget it. Let's get back to the topic at hand.
Then, what'd you first talk about?

...“HEAVY⚡EDGE”...

“I've listened to your music” ──the man said
“Your frustration has grown too great to be denied, but you're still to young to see through it”
“Would you like to turn your frustration into a song?” ──the man continued
“This loneliness you're feeling has the same color as mine”

                         We                                                                                                   Roman
“《The Souls of Musicians》 are free, and can turn any sadness into a 《Story》
Linking horizons, let's send forth a song as if drawing close to someone's world”

──And then the man silently handed me a book by an author I've never heard of before……



Interview with Noël...

With no bias, no dramatization, and delivering flat-out interviews,
this is the all-genre music magazine “S♪UND AR♪UND”. My name is Yamaguchi.
This is your first time being interviewed by this magazine, I look forward to this interview.
Here's a simple question to start us out; Could you please tell us how you first got into music, Noël-san?

...from “S♪UND AR♪UND”

I remember… only faintly… that the first instrument I touched was…
a piano… but as for lessons…

those didn't last long…
since I just wasn't the type of kid…
who could sit still in front of a piano…

I see. So for that brief period your musical world was closed off.  
However, if the story ended there you wouldn't be here today, right?

...“S♪UND AR♪UND”...

From even my earliest memories… music's always been around me…
It was never really something… I had to study intensely…

My family was poor, but my grandmother…
desperately begged her relatives for money…
and managed to get me a broken-down organ…


I see. I apologize if this sounds rude, but that is a surprisingly touching story.
One grandmother's love lit up the path of music to a young Noël.
But such a touching childhood memory, that doesn't seem becoming of your current musi-
Er, my apologies. I shouldn't be biased. Do you mind if we talk a bit more about it?

...“S♪UND AR♪UND”...


Interview with Noël...

──Yep, that's definitely true. When it comes to VaniStar's music, it has the sound of someone screaming from the very pit of their soul that spits up blood, with a totally brutal guitar sound to accelerate that scream.
Hey, how’d you and guitars first meet, Noëy?

...from “HEAVY⚡EDGE”


                                                                                   Middle School
By the time I reached 《A Shithole for Brats Who've Only Matured Physically》
                                                                                         Kindness
I completely lost any belief I had left in 《Self-Righteous Nepotism》

                                                Old Hag
The 《One Who Only Raised Me Outta Convenience》 made a deal;
                                                                                   My Soul
In exchange for 《Indoctrination into Whatever Adults Wanted Me to Believe》, a cheap electric guitar

With this I could destroy this worthless world
                                                                                                                Rock
as long as I had a wolf's heart, a single guitar, and 《The Real Soul of Music》
I howled ‘n anyone ‘round me became my enemy
If you touch me I'll bare my fangs ‘cause it'd hurt if someone licked my wounds……


I had that same edgy phase as a brat. Isn't it just some kinda ‘Middle-School Syndrome’ thing? Amazing.
Tho, even at my peak I probably wasn't as self conscious as you (Laughs).
…Btw, Noël, do you still think rock can destroy the world?

...“HEAVY⚡EDGE”...


Interview with Noël...
Good day. It’s an honor and privilege to meet you.
From the aesthetic monthly magazine “✝V-ROCK🌹HEAVEN✝," I’m marie*marie.
The band “VANISHING STARLIGHT” has caught my eye recently. May I ask, dear Noël-sama, your experiences with bands?
...from “✝V-ROCK🌹HEAVEN✝"

The first band I joined was this cringey metal band
                                              Technique
We had no 《Skills to Perform Even to Ourselves》, we just wanted to look cool, We'd go off looking for someone to pick fights with just to get pissed off

I was stunned when I saw just how different our musical style was,
It was all pointless, I just spun out my wheels over ‘n over……

──and in the end… there was no one in my band…
 Destined
《Fated》 to fade out… A burnt out… VANISHING STAR… Its shine was for but a moment…

My, so that is your unknown story.
The scars of youth. Such a sorrowful glimmer.
So, is that why you decided to focus more on solo work after that?

...“✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"...


Interview with Noël...
──I see. That's interesting.
By the way, “Noel” is such an interesting name.
I have such an ordinary name, so I must admit I admire your name.
Mine is so simple, it's “Hajime'' written with the kanji “Ichi” and “Yamaguchi”, only seven strokes (Laughs).

...from “S♪UND AR♪UND”


Nah… It's not that great… it may sound cool but…
They all called me “Chris Masuo (Laughs)”

──Ah…
I'd hunt down those… pieces of shit who'd laugh at me…
'n wouldn't let ‘em apologize… I just beat ‘em ‘till I saw blood…

A (tentative) arrival date? A simple name?

The bastard who thought that up… was my piece of shit dad…
But… he kicked the bucket way before I was born… so I never got to beat ‘m up for it……


……
I apologize. It was thoughtless of me to bring such a thing up.
I dearly apologize if I offended you. Truly.
So, you were raised by a single mother, Noël-san?
……Er, my apologies, I may have misremembered,
but earlier, didn't you mention being raised by your grandmother……?

...“S♪UND AR♪UND”...


──No… don't apologize, it's fine…
I know… you didn't… mean to offend or anything…
But… it's just that such a thing… is complicated…
So if you want an easy-to-understand summary… I'll do my best──


                             fall in love              believe it must be destiny
The two lovers                          and
                      elope ‘n run off            they're disowned, no foreigners!

The hole-digging French migrant worker          in a hole           dies without a cent
                                                                          falls                    and
             The beautiful Japanese maiden             with child        can't pay rent

           The widow leaves her child                    disappears, now
                                                               and                                             all alone
The old lady uses all her strength             takes care of the child

 
   The kid's passed                     to relatives,                         say “what a tragedy”!
                                     around                                they all
              They walk                   like saints, but                      beat him, no restraint!

──Sorry for making a joke of it, Yama-san.
But it's a hard thing to talk about sober!

Actually… this plastic bottle… ain't filled with water, but vodka (Laughs)


……
Vodka!? Not water?  You're kidding (Laughs).
I would never wish to make light of your past, or be presumptuous, and I only want to support your future, music endeavors included.
But really, vodka?!
Are you sure you don't have some Russian blood too? (Everyone Laughs).

...“S♪UND AR♪UND”...

Interview with Noël...
That’s true. Surely that is reflected in your music. I’m certainly more interested the longer we go on.
Would you like some more tea?
This is my special blend, something I only share with special people.
I would like to spend more time talking about your sensitive passing seasons, my dear Noë-sama.
...from “✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"


My hair was different… my eye color was different…
The sound of my name was different… everything was different…

I didn't have any money to be free… I didn't have any parents to love me…
I didn't have clothes that're nice 'n clean… or any place to call mine...

                                 That Disgusting
Ah… am I really 《Such a Heretic》?
                                  Judges                                                     Looks
Anyone who 《Discriminates》 based off of 《Superficial Appearance》 alone is fucking shit…

The weaker one is, the more crowds enwrap, drenched in the rains of malice, The wolf dashes past it all
If anyone gets in my way, I'll tear ‘em to bits!

Strong… words… reflect… a… weak heart… just like… a mirror…


...My dear Noë-sama, words are powerful weapons.
If you mishandle them, you can end up hurting yourself more than your enemies.
A bare blade may be beautiful, but it is also quite dangerous.
If you would allow me, I could become your shea……th
Ah, I don't know what I'm saying! ......No, no I was just joking///

...“✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"...


Interview with Noël...

──Man, I tried Googling it but I can't find anything.
Is this ESP company you use for your instruments even real?
Is it from this world? (Laughs)
……Oh, speaking of instruments.
Noëy, you seem to have a long history with western instruments,
so was your family life really that poor?

...from “HEAVY EDGE”


I've lived by lying... as if it's... how I breathe...
Earlier… I couldn't tell you the truth… it's truly so miserable…
The organ… I found in the trash… and swiped it… when no one was around…
                          Bought Out                                                              Part-Time Job
The guitar… I 《×××××》 by lying about my age… and taking a 《×××》...

──Eiji,
Do you despise me now? It's just so miserable,
it’s the very world I wished to destroy──

Even if the paint is peeling… Even if the strings are rusted…
The only thing…
that could… destroy such a shitty world… was that!


……I see. If you wanna talk more about it you can, but if you'd rather not, that's fine too.
But Noël, let me tell ya something.
Even if everything you've told me today's a lie, that doesn't change how true your music and passion is.
So man, feel free to deceive me whenever ya'd like!

...“HEAVY EDGE”...


Interview with Noël...

──Moving on, I apologize but I can't find anything about this ‘Kenji Miyazawa’ person?
It's inexcusable, to have such a large gap in my knowledge……
To me, such a work of art seems more valuable than the largest jewel.
If people could connect to such pieces as much as you have, then these works could become stars that light up the darkest of nights.
Noël, even if your light is a warped one, your music has captured my heart and soul, entirely.

... from“S♪UND AR♪UND”


Yama-san… you really are… such a… kind person… I mean that… from the bottom… of my heart…

Ah… If my dad… were still around today…
I'd like… to think… that he'd… be a kind person… like… you…

An old dresser my grandma left when she died  → in its’ lowest drawer
I accidentally → released a dark → imprisoned memory

That was

a worn letter with blurred and blotched handwriting
“I’m sorry… mother… forgive me… I never should have… given birth… to that child……”*1


…….
(I was at a loss for words, I simply put my hand on his shoulder.
Wrapped in the love songs he had woven, I felt an inexplicable discomfort.
It felt as if I had caught a glimpse of his true self.
That is, a young child crying alone in the darkness, longing for something he could never be given, no matter how much he tried.
No, rather, it may have been a form of revenge, as cruel as it may be……)

...“S♪UND AR♪UND”...


Interview with Noël... 

So that is when you left your job as a teacher, I see.
That sounds like a complete 180 from being a rock musician.
To be completely honest, I could never see you with that job.
I may not look like it, but I like children so I understand it.
How many children would you like to have? It would be nice to have a boy, but girls are cute too.
……Er, before that, shouldn't I ask what type of woman you like!?

...from “✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"


I hate flirty women,
but…
I hate chatty women even more (Laughs)

Sorry… marie*marie,
I'm not really good at this kind of talk
Let's talk about music!

I mean, this is for a music magazine, right?
                                                                                                                           Muse
Then, the only woman I can hold close and kiss all over is a 《Goddess of Music》, right? (Laughs)


Don’t forget, women are jealous creatures, even if they’re divine.
But, you’ve got me this time, cruel NoëNoë (laughs).
Now then, could you tell us about your future plans and give a message to the readers?
...“✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"...


October 26, 27 Sound Horizon 10th Anniversary Fan Club Event
                                                                                  Shibuya Koukai Hall*2
Held at a concert hall I've never heard of, 【Shibuya  Public  Hall】

“Would you like to perform as the opening act?”
                                                  Sunglasses
──《The Producer I Curse Up n’ Down Even if I Respect Him》 asked me…….

                      Rock
Isn't our 《Music》 the only thing that can destroy this worthless world?
Ah… if 【You】 are crying from beyond the horizon
                             Me
just call on 《My Music》 anytime!!!



                Shibuya Koukai Hall
──Oh!? Shibuya Voyage Hall? I don't know of this venue…
But that's great. I hope I can come see it!
...“✝V-ROCK HEAVEN✝"...

       Shibuya Koukai Hall
──Shibuya Regret Hall? Woah, really?!
Where’s that? I mean, can I even go there?
...“HEAVY EDGE”...

       Shibuya Koukai Hall
──Shibuya Renewal Hall? I'm afraid I have never heard of such a place...
That's fantastic! I'm looking forward to a red-hot live──
... and “S♪UND AR♪UND”...



──An 11-Lettered Message?
                     LET LIFE BURN
"As Long as I'm Alive I'll Let My Life Burn"

That's it!                   True!                 That's right!



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

From the Desk of the Ruling Head Regarding "The Freedom of Interpretation" Revo Apr. 2024 Letter
Publication date: 04.24.2024


TN: On April 24th, 2024 Revo released this statement in response to the 9th anniversary of 'Nein' as various voice actors, singers, and artists involved in the album posted memories and congratulations to various social media. Mari Yura, the vocalist who portrayed the character DINg, posted a tweet that contained lyrics that were sung but not featured in the lyric booklet. Revo, who believes in the power of an individual's interpretation, replied with the following letter:

Ciao everyone!
It seems that there was some discussion on social media recently celebrating the 9th anniversary of 'Nein,' particularly in regard to how to read the lyrics in 《》 by parties involved in the work.
I received a report from the royal guardsman that said "We have heard that this is causing quite a stir among Laurants and others online," and I was quite surprised.
Why would something like this happen now?
Is it precisely because it's happening now?

The statement in question has been requested to be retracted, but I do not think it's as simple as just retracting it.
To avoid unnecessary confusion among you all, and to ensure that those involved adhere to their duty of confidentiality, I believe it is necessary for the head chairman to express his views in his own words.  

I thought so, at least...
However, due to various circumstances, things are moving slowly and I apologize for that truly. 

First of all, let me explain a bit more for those thinking "What's this all about?"

In the lyrics of SH, the lyrics enclosed in《》are often not pronounced as written. It became like this somehow over the years, and I don't intend to discuss its origins or the value in this practice, so just accept it as it is. 

What is actually pronounced is called a Rubi, and the issue is that these Rubi are not listed on the official lyric cards. In other words, if you see Rubi somewhere, it's not official information. 

So, in short, it's misinformation. But I deliberately don't call it a "lie." This is because I believe there is no intention or malice to deceive people by sharing their interpretation of Rubi. It's because "someone misheard."

That "mishearing" is one of the precious elements of "The Freedom of Interpretation."
and it's okay for it to sound different depending on the person.

They range from simple to understand to ones that have barriers of entry;
from things that wouldn't occur to you without prior knowledge or education, to even those with double or triple meanings.
Regardless, I believe it is the listener's freedom to interpret them. 

And thus, we treasure this freedom. 

Some may think 'If it's so free, then don't the lyrics just fall apart?' I also believe that it's okay to have a degree of uncertainty. That's because the essential information is clearly found in the lyric booklet, within 《》.

Therefore, no matter how you choose to read the Rubi, the flow of the lyrics should remain intact.
'Well, what's the definition of lyrics then?'
'Am I the only one who doesn't get it?'
I think these simple questions may arise, but to that I'd say
"Don't worry, I don't get it either!"

Hmm,
However, there's also an interesting aspect to what we don't understand, and I feel that's where the essence of art is found. The more the notation and pronunciation diverge, the more the definition of the lyrics might break down.
However, there is individuality in where the line is set,
It seems to me that this is a battleground where entertainment and art are at war with each other.
It's similar to the debate in comedy over 'Where does the skit end and stand-up begin?'

Back to the lyrics. I think I'm doing something akin to taboo. Or, maybe I've already crossed the line. If this world had stricter rules, I may be put in prison. It's a relief that we don't live in a world where the 'Rubi Police' wield immense control...

Ah, let's get back on track. Laurants, be proud of your mishearing. If you're at karaoke, sing boldly. Sing your mishearing loud. 

You may think 'It would be embarrassing if I'm wrong though' But who determines what's right or wrong? For something that doesn't officially exist, there's no right answer. Even those who declare 'That's wrong!' might be mistaken themselves. 

I'll say it again. Laurants, be proud of your mishearing. Even if there's no Rubi, or only pictures instead of dialogue, it's all good. Sing out loud. Sing your mishearing. Your Story. Your horizon.

I apologize for the length, but for the reasons I've stated above, I believe there should not be an official brandishing of a 'correct answer,' and I am wary of guiding people towards creating a 'definitive correct answer' merely from 'comments from parties involved in production.'

To put this bluntly, even parties involved in production can spread misinformation. And there's no one who can take responsibility for that. I neither endorse nor deny its content. It's simply not official information. 

"The Freedom of Interpretation by the Listener."

In the nation of SHK, this is a right extended to citizens that should be highly respected. Please refrain from actions that could infringe on this right. I would like to once again request this for all parties involved in production.

The Freedom of Interpretation.
I've been making music that encapsulates such a vague expression for about 20 years now. It doesn't exist without those who can interpret. Even before the name Laurant was born, I've always thought of it as a culture I've nurtured with you all. 

Some of you may be thinking 'this is way too much of a hassle!' after reading this far. It's completely fine if you just listen to my music without overthinking it, don't worry. 

Still, I believe there are some who feel that this murky swamp water doesn't suit them. For these people, it's okay to move to a different swamp. After all, this isn't the only swamp of music or, maybe, there isn't even a swamp for music at all. 

However, I'm aware that there are many who are fully submerged in this swamp up to their shoulders. Once you get used to it, it's a comfortable place to live, isn't it? Not just 'Nein,' but all of the works and all of the various interpretations that arise from them.
Thank you for loving them. 

Well, due to various circumstances and the best album and on and on, I'll return to my duties. 

See you!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Special Talk with  (Takashi Utsunomiya) × Revo(Sound Horizon) 2008 Translation
Publication date: April, 2008
Originally published in MAGNETICA-20miles Vol. 55


A rushing interview with Revo, the sound creator and head of the fantasy band Sound Horizon has been conducted. This endeavor was only made possible through the chance occurrence of sharing a staff member. Revo, who loves TM and has had a deep respect for UTSU and his mindset, and UTSU, who has been paying attention to Revo’s commitment to live and stage performances. The two talked about their shared struggles in the creative sphere. We are pleased to share this special talk between the two, which will be shared solely with members of either of the two’s fan clubs.

Page Composition: 藤井徹貫 (Tekkan Fujii)

UTSU: Revo-kun (Sound Horizon) and I shared a concert staff member in common so I listened to his albums and went to a few concerts. They were both extremely detailed and complicated, and are characterized by their strong narrative…

Revo: I’ve thought for a while that the music I create is always more suitable for concerts that portray an unrealistic world, rather than a more straight-forward live like a so-called rock band. So when I thought about how I should portray the music I create, the stage naturally became the place where I could best create the worldview I have now.

UTSU: So is Sound Horizon a unit?

Revo: I call it a Fantasy Band. In order to portray a fantasy story musically, I assemble the best band members  (singers, instrumental members) who fit the situation and style. It’s been 3 years since our major debut, but I’ve been doing this for 8 years now.

UTSU: You never thought of doing it as a band?

Revo: Yes. When it first formed, I didn’t feel it was needed to perform live at all.

UTSU: It was the same for me with TM.

Revo: I was focused on completing a single story or world within one CD or album.

UTSU: We started with videos at least (laughs).

Revo: I always started with the idea that no matter how many members were on board, they could be swapped out later on. That’s been the source of some trouble nowadays (laughs).

UTSU: It must be troublesome to gather the various members and performers. I understand your difficulty. I’m reminded of my time with T.UTU with The BAND (laughs). I mean, the audition for TM’s CAROL was rather troublesome. I met ten or more people, but they didn’t click…. Do you know about it? TM Network’s CAROL?

Revo: Yes. While not in real time, I’ve listened to all of TM’s CDs. I’ve always had a bad habit of collecting everything of something I like, so I bought each member’s solo works and Kine-san’s works as well. Maybe it’s because I didn’t listen to them in real time, but I didn’t really understand the essence of CAROL. Rather, maybe it’s because I’m musically inclined. I’m interested in the theme melody that appears throughout the different songs. It’s a common motif in classical music, but it’s not too common in pop music, right, that method I mean. If it doesn’t make sense musically, you run the risk of hearing “You’re just cutting corners, lazily reusing a melody over and over again.”

UTSU: My impression is that with Sound Horizon’s orientation, it’s a bit similar to that of CAROL and my solo work, WHITEROOM. However, in the case of sound, Sound Horizon has multiple singers and narrators, which is completely different from my works.

Revo: Did you ever worry that in that era it’d be difficult for people to understand you even if you released an album like CAROL or held a concert?

UTSU: I was more worried about whether or not I had reached a level I was comfortable at, both during recording and rehearsal. For example, with the vocals on the album I remember having to balance between singing musically and singing in a pop music style. As a result, I gravitated towards a pop style. If I had sung more musically, that is, more dramatically emotional with acting, the album would have had a different impression. It might have given off the impression that I was trying something new, but it may not have hit a million sales.

Revo: If we become too musical, our listeners won't be many. There’s people who don’t like that musical side of singing.

UTSU: Right, it’s the same song, but different.

Revo: Even though we’re the same in terms of music-centric entertainment, it’s still strange.

UTSU: Do you think about that balance when you make an album?

Revo: I don’t really care about the category, be it musical or pop or whatever. When I’m able to do what I want to do purely as I’d prefer to, I naturally deviate from any single category. However, I’m aware that the basis of my work isn’t musicals or plays, but music itself. So if there’s too many lyrics or too much dialogue, the music becomes something different. For example, let’s say we have a beautiful piece of music. When you sing your lines to it, the lyrics and the BGM (music) are not the same. When you are confident in your own consciousness, it’s easy to include the lines and dialogue. I try to find a balance that makes people aware of that.

UTSU: When I did WHITEROOM, I began to realize just how hard it was to explain the story and situation in the lyrics. If the lyrics are too abstract, the story isn’t conveyed. If the lyrics are too concrete, then the music is different from what I want.


Revo: In my case, I start making an album by creating a story. So in a way it’s a bit like writing a novel. I try to research and collect materials as carefully as possible. I do a certain amount of historical research to set the background, then I expand that setting and background into a fantasy story to make it more interesting. Before I write a song, I think about it for several months. But when I’m working out the finer parts, or rather, when I’m working out the individual story, the full image doesn’t really take shape yet. It’s only when I face the music part when it fully takes form. When I start to write the songs themselves. So I guess I’m most driven by music. I don’t know, I guess if I had to write a novel or a script for a stage show, I’d have to work on it for well over a year or two (laughs). Such a day would be a nightmare.

UTSU: Oh, you have nightmares?

Revo: Indeed.

UTSU: I have them too. When I was rehearsing for “RENT”, I dreamt that I couldn’t sing (laughs). Well, it was the same when I went to NY to try to learn English. About half a month after I started going to an English Conversational School I had nightmares in English and thought about quitting. It was only in the span of a month, so it was probably a bad idea to cram so much into that time period. I ended up with a fever. When I talked about it after I returned to Japan, Kine joked “That’s a growth-spurt fever!” (laughs). But it wasn’t a laughing matter at all for me. I slept in a hotel for a week.

Revo: Why don’t we ever dream that everything goes perfectly fine, whether it be a recording or live? I don’t get why I can’t dream that things are going great.

UTSU: That just doesn’t happen. I’m not gonna say that everything you dream of is your subconscious coming out, but somewhere in your mind, not really anxiety but a small tension, exists. I’m not the type of person who gets nervous, once I start the live performances there’s little anxiety, but I still need to keep myself in shape. Maybe that pressure can become a nightmare. I’ve had dreams where I forget all the lyrics and I’m standing right in the middle of the stage (laughs). Or one where I simply can’t speak.

Revo: Speaking of which, I saw you perform at a U_WAVE live before. You were reciting poetry right?

UTSU: Yes. It’s unique in its own way. It’s not dialogue and it’s not a song with melody. When I do a poem reading like that one, I think of the poem as not having a musical rhythm of four or three beats, but an overarching flow. I gradually came to this line of thinking while writing and developing the format. Then, in the case of “RENT,” there is no musical rhythm, but an overarching flow. In the case of “RENT” it’s not just the song, but the lines that are in the bars. In “RENT”, not only are the songs in bars but the lines as well. This lyric line has to end by the second beat of a given measure, or this lyric line has to fit in these two measures. In this way, words can act like a battering ram.

Revo: Ah, I understand that feeling very closely.

UTSU: With U_WAVE it’s not that specific. It’s more of how it fits into the music. We’re a bit similar in this way.

Revo: Another thing that impressed me about the U_WAVE live was that Utsunomiya-san, as the producer of the group, had other band members sing just as many if not more songs than yourself.

UTSU: That’s right, like when I’m not on stage.

Revo: It’s similar to Sound Horizon. In my case, there is a story, and the story has the most authority. The most important thing is to fit into that story, not a band member or myself, and that everything is good as long as the flow of the story is conveyed. So as long as that’s conveyed, it’s OK for the actors, performers, and singers to bring out their characters and personalities as they see it.

UTSU: Whether it’s solo work or U_WAVE, I think I put a lot of effort into it besides a run-of-the-mill rock concert. In my mind it’s important to not be 100% tense. I always want to leave some looseness somewhere. I’d like to leave a point of looseness to some degree. For example, in my entrance scene in “RENT” I should have walked out with the start of the electric guitar. However, I threw a few phrases in, but thankfully it was subtle enough for the director to not notice I was being sneaky like that (laughs). So even if it’s 2 or 3 seconds, to me it’s important to focus on the performance. Naturally, I'm conscious of that in U_WAVE lives as well.

Revo: I guess it can be suffocating if everything is decided for you.

UTSU: It also allows for a tiny degree of looseness if you’re sneaky about it

Revo: Is it also being sneaky during MC at concerts? With music there’s always a beat, which you can’t deviate from at all, but MCs don’t have a beat or bar. It’s more like the real genuine biorhythm of a human being.

UTSU: That’s why I don’t like MCs where it’s decided what will be said in advance.

Revo: But for both Sound Horizon and Utsunomiya-san’s U_WAVE, don’t you feel that the more and more you build up the stage life, the more NG it feels to MC about your daily life? It’s important to keep the tension of the stage up until the very last show….

UTSU: I get what you mean. You’re definitely correct. I’ve done many concerts in the past without any MCs at all.

Revo: When I talk to you about things like this, there are more similarities in thought that I would initially think.

UTSU: We may have different musical styles and goals, but we’re very close. It would be interesting if we were to work together someday.

Revo: I’m not sure how, but it’d be great to work with you someday.

UTSU: Then, I’ll invite you sometime. But first, let’s go get drinks together


Revo (Fantasy Band Sound Horizon) is a sound creator who writes lyrics, composes, and arranges music.

The Fantasy Band Sound Horizon made their major debut in October of 2004 with 'Elysion ~Rakuen e no Zensoukyoku~'● In August of 2007 the MAXI Single 'Seisen no Iberia' was released, which reached #8 on the Oricon weekly chart. ● Beyond Sound Horizon, Revo has published numerous works under his own name, which take a different approach to music than that of Sound Horizon. In February of 2005 Revo released 'leviathan/Shuumatsu wo Tsugeshi Kemono,' an Image Album (based on the comic series 'Leviathan' published in monthly comic Dengeki Comic Gao!) and in December of that year another Image Album entitled 'poca felicita' (based on the comic series 'GUNSLINGER GIRL' published in monthly comic Dengeki Daioh), where in both of which Revo produced the songs based on his own interpretation. ● In the MAXI Single 'Kiri no Mukou ni Tsunagaru Sekai,' released in June of 2006, Revo doesn’t only produce the sound, but collaborates with Haruka Shimotsuki with lyrics and composition. In all of these works, Revo works under his own name and conveys a worldview that differs from that of Sound Horizon’s narrative style, garnering fans from both the Sound Horizon sphere of influence and beyond. He continues to expand the genre of his activities even now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
2014 Interview/Review with Nikkei Entertainment! about Revo's Success Translation
Published in Nov. 2014 Issue of Nikkei Entertainment!
Publication date: 2014.10.04
Written by Koutarou Asou 

Nikkei Entertainment! Page 79
Nikkei Entertainment! Page 79
From His Original Music Dramas to the Theme Song of 'Attack on Titan,' the True Face of the Talented Artist Celebrating the 10th Anniversary of His Debut: Sound Creator Revo
Review: 
The theme song "Guren no Honoo"(sic.) embodies the worldview of the series:

A song he made for 'Attack on Titan' catapulted him into fame, leading to his debut appearance at NHK Kouhaku Uta Gassen. Revo, the fashionable figure known for his signature sunglasses, is the lyricist, composer, and singer for the individual unit Linked Horizon (LinHora). He is an artist with a strong presence, something that has not been seen in the star-studded music industry for quite some time.

I have been watching 'Attack on Titan' since the first episode, and I personally feel that "Guren no Yumiya," the theme song, perfectly embodies the worldview of the series. Unlike typical anime song composers, Revo's melodies don't follow formulaic melody patterns. Rather, his sound blends rock and classical music together, reminiscent of Queen. The lyrics often feature more literary language rather than everyday speech, showcasing a poetic and literary inclination similar to Ringo Sheena's works and the heavy use of Chinese-derived terms in Vocaloid songs. However, compared to those examples, the overall balance of Revo's songs is well thought out, and it doesn't devolve into mere word play. When one has a rich vocabulary, the world of poetry naturally becomes more polished as their music grows, as is the case with Ringo Sheena. In that sense, Revo's lyrics have the potential to evolve even more from this point. He may be able to create a new style of deep lyrical world that can be heard and understood by listening. 

Revo has garnered quite the attention in the industry, as evidenced by his effortless composing of the theme song to the anime 'Sailor Moon Crystal,' performed by Momoiro Clover Z. Responsible for the lyrics, music, and arrangement, Revo managed to bring out the essence of the anime while also highlighting the strengths of MomoClo. 

Although his own activities are his main focus, if he dedicated himself to making songs for others, he has the potential to leave his mark on the history of JPOP forever. 


Interview: 
Classical, Prog. Rock, and Dostoevsky are His Origins

The female editor who accompanied me was very excited about meeting "THE Revo-sama in person!" At his live performance at Saitama Arena, cheers erupted when he appeared on stage, with fans screaming "Heika!" Apparently they call him that. However the person I met was extremely affable and kind-hearted.

— What are your musical roots?

"Rock and classical music, mainly. Then I encountered progressive rock."

Reflecting on his past musical influences, he mentioned "Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin, and Jimi Hendrix; their powerful guitar riffs pierced my teenage heart." Regarding progressive rock, he noted, "I was drawn to the complex, irregular time signatures of ELP, King Crimson, and other prog. rock bands."

Though his rock influences often overshadow it, Revo's appreciation for classical music (as a fundamental influence in his early life) undoubtedly enriches his artistic vision. Lyrics like "Carrying death to twilight with/the bow and arrows of Hades..." highlight his literary inspirations. "I was fond of Dostoevsky," he remarked, which was quite striking. 

Originally, Revo released long, musical theater-like compositions on CD. Their popularity led to stage adaptations, attracting a substantial female fanbase. Revo's unique, fantastical and surrealistic stories and his music spread by word-of-mouth, and his live performances became popular musical-like shows. He named the group of performers on stage "Sound Horizon" (SanHora), which he leads. Initially a solo project he later used the name "Linked Horizon" (LinHora) for game music and anime theme song offers to distinguish it from SanHora. 

"This fall, which marks SanHora's 10th anniversary, I'll be debuting a six-member rock band called 'Vanishing Starlight,' produced by me, Revo." The music and lyrics of the band maintain Revo's signature allure. 

"I believe the success of "Guren no Yumiya" was largely due to its viral spread on video sharing sites. Fan creations and the like just further fueled the flames. It was just good timing" He calmly analyzed, showing his grounded and realistic nature. "I composed a new song for the theatrical release of 'Attack on Titan' as well. I believe people will think 'This is a great song too.'"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shingeki no Kioku

~Guren no Yumiya~

"Hey, Eren.
Even if dreaming of freedom is not a sin, we will surely go to hell for our actions.
But still, if we can leave something behind as we continue forward,
then, flying arrow shot forth... fly out of the forest towards wherever!”

Are we the prey? No, we are the hunter!
Seid ihr das Essen? Nein, wir sind der Jäger!



Crimson Bow and Arrow...
Feuerroter Pfeil und Bogen...



Without knowing the names of the trampled flowers
the bird fell to the ground, tired of waiting for the wind

Nothing will change if you only pray
                                                                          The Present
the only thing that will change 《This Undesirable Moment》 is the resolution to fight...

Stepping over corpses to advance, you pigs who laugh at such a thought;
With the peace of livestock ...false prosperity ...the "Freedom" of a dying, starving wolf!

The humiliation of captivity is the fired arrow signaling our counterattack
                                                                                         Jäger
Slaughtering his prey beyond these walls is 《The Hunter》
                                                                                 Impulse
His body is scorched with a rushing 《Murderous Intent》, piercing the twilight scarlet with――

Crimson Bow and Arrows



Drawing                    he pursues His Target, they'll never         
                his arrow                                                                   escape   
Firing                         he closes in, not letting them ever

Pulling the string as far back as he can, until it's nearly breaking
                                                                                  They Draw
he fires his arrow again and again until 《His Target Draws》 their last breath

                                                                  Tools
What kills your prey is not your 《Weapons》, nor skills,
but your own razor-sharp, refined murderous intent


We are The Hunter!
Wir sind der Jäger!

As hot as flames!

We are The Hunter!
Wir sind der Jäger!

As cold as ice!

We are The Hunter!
Wir sind der Jäger!

Put yourself into your arrow!

We are The Hunter!
Wir sind der Jäger!

and piece through everything!



Attack on the Titans.
The boy from that day will soon take up the sword.
One who only laments powerlessness can never change anything.
The boy from that day will soon take up the black sword.
Hate and anger are a double-edged blade.
Soon, one day, he will bare his fangs at fate...
Angriff auf die Titanen.
Der Junge von einst wird bald zum Schwert greifen.
Wer nur seine Machtlosigkeit beklagt. kann nichts verandern.
Der Junge von einst wird bald das schwarze Schwert ergreifen.
Hass und Zorn sind eine zweischneidige Klinge.
Bald, eines Tages, wird er dem Schicksal die Zähne zeigen...


The only                                    change any
                   ones who can                              thing
           are                            abandon every

Without bearing any 《Risk》 at all, how could anything change at all?

Once with foolish assumptions ...but mere illusions ...now with reckless bravery...
The vanguard defenders of "Freedom" ...betting on the offensive
Victory to the charging slaves!

The absurdity forced upon us is the fired arrow signaling the advance
                                                                     The World                           Eren
Deprived of that horizon, yearning for "Freedom" is 《The Boy From That Day》
                                                                                        Impulse
His body is infringed with a never-ending 《Murderous Intent》, carrying death to twilight with――

The Bow and Arrows of Hades



~14-moji no Dengon~

Another noisy day begins with shaking you awake
“Don’t be picky and eat your veggies!” 
I scold you again, as ineffective as it is

I wonder if you’ll come back covered in mud and wounds again?
All this worrying about you is making these wrinkles worse
Geez, being the mother to a son sure isn’t easy!

But
I truly loved those days, and this genuinely cruel world
Oh…if only time would stop, because I wanted to be with you all
Through these peaceful days…forever…and ever…and ever…

But that is a foolish desire, for all humans will meet their end
Children grow and surpass their parents, and that is nothing but happiness

As ordinary as I am, I couldn’t find anything
More valuable than my own life for the longest time
That is, until you were born…

-So
Even if you’re not special, even if you’re not exceptional
Even if nobody acknowledges you
You’re amazing just for being alive
So please don’t forget-

Even if you eventually come to curse your birth
I believe that you’ll not go down a wrong path
So have faith in yourself -

Oh, bird soaring across the final sky
Please let that child know
That I love him, I love him so much…

Thank you for being born

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Linked Horizon Interview with natalie about 'Shingeki no Kioku' Translation



Article publication date: 2024.08.30
Link: https://natalie.mu/music/pp/linkedhorizon04 



Linked Horizon's best album “Memories of 'Attack on Titan' (Shingeki no Kioku)” has been released.
Linked Horizon provided many songs for the TV anime series 'Attack on Titan' that aired for 10 years from 2013 to 2023, and 'Shingeki no Kioku' contains many of Linked Horizon's songs for 'Attack on Titan' that trace its history.

Music Natalie interviewed Revo of Linked Horizon, who has spent more than 10 years with 'Attack on Titan.' He talked about a new overall picture that emerged when he went to combine songs separately released into a single work. 

Interview and text by Akihiro Tomita


Oriented Towards both Music and Storytelling
──When I first saw the promo materials for 'Shingeki no Kioku,' I saw that it mentioned that it was "The final collaboration between 'Attack on Titan' and Linked Horizon." This made it really sink in for me that the end was really near. How do you feel about it, Revo-san?

Revo: When it comes to the songs, "Nisennen... Moshiku wa... Nimannengo no Kimi e..." (The theme song for TV Anime 'Attack on Titan' The Final Chapters [Movie Version]), was the last song I wrote for the series so, in that sense, it had already ended when I composed that. In terms of albums, there hadn't been a release since 'Shingeki no Kiseki' (2017). With the story finally ending, I did feel like it would be nice to release a best album at the end... but my emotions are a little mixed. Sure, it's sad that it's over, but anything that starts eventually ends. If I can mark the end of the series with "a testament to my journey alongside the world of 'Attack on Titan,'" then I can go on to the next thing... or something like that. Of course, this doesn't mean 'Attack on Titan' has ended in the minds of everyone, and I hope that fans can enjoy it for the rest of their lives, returning to it over and over. But, as a creator, I have to move on to the next thing. No matter how wonderful the worldview is, I can't just settle there forever. I have to aim and conquer the next wilderness. Well, maybe I'm making myself sound too cool (laughs). I also have to do my best with my main job, Sound Horizon. 

──Did you originally plan to release a best album after the anime concluded?

Revo: No, I just faced each project as it came to me. We could say that I only ended up making so many songs for 'Attack on Titan' because of that, not because I had a plan or anything. An album like 'Shingeki no Kiseki' is quite uncommon in the theme song scene. Usually, a theme song is just a one-off thing. I didn't know how long the series would continue for or how much I'd be involved going forward. That's why it was such a stroke of luck for me to be able to create "inspired image songs" for the series, and also being able to turn them into an album with 'Shingeki no Kiseki.' When I was making "Guren no Yumiya" (the opening theme for Season 1), I didn't have any concept of creating something like 'Shingeki no Kiseki.' 

──Your biggest concert tour ever was also linked to 'Attack on Titan.'

Revo: Looking back, I think the fact that I've always orientated myself towards music and storytelling aligned well with elements of 'Attack on Titan.' Strictly speaking, the sound of Sound Horizon and Linked Horizon are different, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna suddenly turn Linked Horizon into a J-POP band (laughs). Being able to create concerts that incorporate my musical methodology and storytelling style from Sound Horizon was a really significant experience for me. Linked Horizon's music may be somewhat easier to listen to, but that doesn't mean the core and essence of my music was going to change. 


──Listening to 'Shingeki no Kioku,' I felt that I was listening to a single piece of "Story Music." The method you've pursued for over 20 years—of telling and playing out a story within one album—is alive in this album as well. It almost feels like an original album of yours. 

Revo: In terms of the purpose theme songs are meant to serve and the fact that each track was created at different times, it may be a bit of a weaker form of the "Story Music" I've originally aimed for. However, the historical aspect of these songs depicting the world of 'Attack on Titan' help to elevate this album to the level of Story Music. There are, of course, parts of the story that are naturally distant from each other. For example, especially around the "Marley Arc" there's a sudden gap, where I was hardly involved. 

──Linked Horizon returned to the series with "Saigo no Kyojin" as the opening theme to the episodic release of 'Attack on Titan' The Final Chapters, and concluded Linked Horizon's story with the series with "Nisennen... Moshiku wa... Nimannengo no Kimi e..."

Revo: Without those two songs, there couldn't have been a 'Shingeki no Kioku.' Even if I had been asked to release a best album without those two songs, I would have declined. 

Between Remixing and Remastering
──The structure of the album is quite intense, starting off strong with the story-driven music of "Guren no Yumiya," then seamlessly progressing through tracks like "Kakumei no Yoru ni," "Akatsuki no Requiem," and "Shoukei to Shikabane no Michi," all the way to the climax of the album. Even though it's a best album, it gets really heated as the album plays. 

Revo: Yes, it is pretty intense and dense (laughs). This album is just shy of being a complete discography, a few tracks were left out when I compiled the music, but I think it still feels pretty substantial and impactful. For listeners, it might feel that it's packed with "So much LinHora" that it's overwhelming. Even I got tired while I was making it (laughs). 

──That kind of "pressure" is quite fitting for 'Attack on Titan' (laughs). The theme songs create highlights, while the other songs focus on memorable scenes, creating highs and lows that make it surprisingly easy to listen to. I heard that you remastered all of the tracks for this best album. How did it feel to revisit your past songs?

Revo: It made me once again realize that "nothing's really changed." For Sound Horizon's 15th Anniversary Project, I re-released each CD as a remastered edition, and I was surprised by how much I had changed since back then. Of course, they're all different works, so it's natural to find differences, but this time, when I lined up all the songs I made for 'Shingeki no Kioku,' even though some songs were over ten years apart, there was hardly any disconnect when listening to the album as a whole. There was a consistent worldview expressed. However, because the sound quality and direction varied throughout the songs, I paid very close attention to balancing those aspects during the remastering. The balance between music and sound effects differs greatly from song to song. I also made significant adjustments to how much one could hear the vocals against hearing the accompaniment. The work we did went far beyond what's typically considered a "remastering." 

If we consider music where there is a conscious choice over what sounds listeners can and can't hear out of the raw chaos is the supreme richness, then heavily rearranged music with a bias is probably going to be seen as "being made listenable." the truth is, the things hidden behind the pleasant sounds are lost if I present the completely raw, unmastered chaos, and I'm aware of the fact that my style is to put too many sounds in the first place. I've concluded that this approach is the best way to reach a broader audience. I know this may not be the best way to phrase it, but whether you spoil the listeners or not, whether you trust them and respect their freedom or distrust them and want to control them, and whether you treat the work as a piece of art or a product, all of these are gradients, not binary choices. So, the creator who reigns as king over their work, end up hesitating and is perplexed. Such questions are not only challenging for me, but also funny because they resonate strongly with 'Attack on Titan' (laughs). To put it simply, it's like I've re-painted and balanced the underlying philosophies of each song from a fresh perspective. 


──You really made sure the album was consistent throughout. 

Revo: In other words, it's somewhere between remixing and remastering. There are enough changed where if you listen and compare it to the previously released versions, you'll find that what you hear and what you feel from your ears are quite different. If it were a traditional best album, I wouldn't have gone that far. The best works are those that utilize the various memories people have formed from the past to the present, so it's natural that the songs would sound differently, and I think there should be an aspect that enjoys that difference. However, what I wanted to evoke in this album was not the history of my music, but rather evoke a history of the memories of my music with 'Attack on Titan.' So if the differences between these songs released far apart from each other were not "different" in a positive sense, but instead just noise that'd distract from the immersion in the worldview of the best album, I made sure to steer clear of including such elements in this remastered work. Perhaps I was massively overthinking this, bit I decided to do what I could to assure the listener's immersion. I think this is naturally how the album came to be when I aimed for a form that would allow the audience to listen to the album with a sense of unity all the way through. I focused on the listening experience heavily. The fact that I can go from the beginning to the end without changing the worldview or musicality means that I was able to face 'Attack on Titan' with a firm resolution for over ten years. 

The Arrow that Kept Flying 'till the End
──The consistent musical style you set for 'Attack on Titan' from the beginning, like having prog-rock and heavy metal elements, as well as the arrangement of the band and orchestra combo, is proof that your musical approach never waved, right?

Revo: Actually, when I was first writing "Guren no Yumiya," I hesitated about how I should incorporate orchestral composition. There was a lot of trial and error back then. I was in the process of trying to refine how to blend the best aspects of a band sound with the best aspects of an orchestral sound, and present them as a single ensemble. In this remastering process I revisited that fusion. While the instruments and arrangements that make up the music haven't changed, it's still possible to alter the nuances of the music's flavor. Balancing the solid foundational role the rhythm plays with the scale of the sound and what's called the dimensionality of the sound's depth can be tricky, as they often overlap each other, especially in the lower frequencies. I wanted to make different instruments with different resonances complement each other, without it sounding too disjointed. It's like trying to emulsify water and olive oil, two substances that can't mix, to create the perfect sauce that clings to the pasta in the most perfect way. It's like being an Italian chef. 

──I see. 

Revo: I think the reason that everything seems so seamless is probably because I sense the core of the series from the onset. Even looking back with the knowledge I have now, I can think "Yeah, it's on the right track." When I was creating "Guren no Yumiya" and "Jiyuu no Tsubasa," Paradis Island, surrounded by walls, was my entire world. I was running forward without knowing what the future of that world would look like. But, even after everything unfolded in the story, I can still feel that my songs have a solid core and message.

──Speaking of "Guren no Yumiya," the version included in this best album has new narration by Armin (Voiced by marina Inoue), originally performed at the "Attack on Titan 10th ANNIVERSARY 'ATTACK FES' DAY1" event at K Arena Yokohama this January. It reflects on the emotions of Armin and the other members of the Survey Corps as they prepare to face Eren in the climax of the story.

Revo: It feels like something strange is happening to the timeline, right? This may have been something that I shouldn't have done, but when I looked at the series overall, I though that this kind of direction was fitting. 'Attack on Titan' is a series where various memories connect through "Paths." Because this story began with "Guren no Yumiya," I felt it was necessary to deliver a current message to listeners who've followed 'Attack on Titan' until the very end. The version included in 'Shingeki no Kiseki,' (which added the narration "Fly over the walls towards the sea!") was no longer appropriate. After the final battle and after losing so much, I wanted to convey something that still remains, something like a soul, still burning. The original author, Hajime Isayama-Sensei, added lines to the final episode of the anime that weren't in the manga. Perhaps I was inspired by his passion to keep delivering something until the very end when I went to add those lines. It's that kind of sincerity as a creator, struggling to convey something until it's finally finished. Something on the other side of that struggle resonates with people's souls.


──I see, so this version of "Guren no Yumiya" was like your answer to Isayama-Sensei. Listening to this new narration, I was deeply moved, realizing that the arrow continued to fly until the very end. 

Revo: In the Spotify video podcast (aired last November, where the interviewer was the host) after the broadcast of 'Attack on Titan' The Final Chapters Part 2,' you mentioned that "the arrow kept flying until the very end." Maybe those words you said stuck with me. It made me feel like "the dream I had that day is still flying."

──No no, that's far too much credit... the phrase "the arrow kept flying" is something you've said in the past, Revo-san. You've expressed such in the theme songs you've written, like "Shinzou wo Sasageyo" and "Shoukei to Shikabane no Michi," which incorporate the melody of "Guren no Yumiya." That melody is what you've described as "the arrow kept flying."

Revo: I felt like those words resonated with many "Attack on Titan" fans. the title logo of the best album also features an arrow, but it wasn't there at first. Because I wanted to use the symbolic motif that "the arrow continued to fly until the very end," I asked the team "please add an arrow." By making that clear in the final work, I feel that it became a symbolic message throughout the entire album. 

──Also, there's a new song entitled "Watashi ga Hontou ni Hoshikatta Mono" only in the Special Edition of the album. It's a song that only a very limited number of people will be able to hear, but... it was still very moving to realize that her song was still there. 

Revo: I can't create songs for every character, but when I really realized it was the end and realized I had the chance to make just one more song, I thought everyone would be satisfied if it was her song. However, this is really just a "story-inspired image song" that I created from my imagination. She's a character when one asks "can she even talk?" Being able to have such a character sing and narrate in a way that accesses their heart is part of the richness of Story Music. This is the latest piece in the 20 years of Story Music I've undertaken. I've packed a lot of information into such a short duration, while leaving space for listeners to think. Since the original author supervised and gave it the OK, I don't think it was an impossible interpretation to arrive at (laughs). 

──The 16 songs in the Regular Edition alone are definitely moving on their own, but listening to "Watashi ga Hontou ni Hoshikatta Mono" at the end really makes you feel that this song is both "the end" and "a beginning." Now that your Link with 'Attack on Titan' has come to a close, do you feel any sadness?

Revo: Of course, but I have to move on to the next thing. 

I didn't say "Please draw Revo"
──I'd also like to ask you about the album cover. For the first press of the Regular Edition, the cover was drawn by Isayama-Sensei. Surprisingly, you, Revo-san, appear on it!

Revo: There's something I want to make very clear about this cover. I didn't say "Please draw Revo!" (laughs). Of course, I did ask "Could Isayama-san please draw the cover?" but I never asked him to draw me. I left the content of the cover entirely up to him, and when I received it... surprise! There I was. 

──Is that so? What did you think when you first received it?

Revo: I guess I'd say... I was so beyond impressed I just started laughing. Have you ever had that happen? When you're so surprised that you just can't help but laugh?

──Yes I have! (laughs)

Revo: It wasn't like tears or anything like that. It was more like bursting out in laughter (laughs). I was laughing while saying "So this is what you came up with?!" Plus, the cover is stylized just like the covers of the 'Attack on Titan' manga. It would be no exaggeration to call it the final, unreleased volume. Well, no, that's a complete exaggeration (laughs). But still, the sentiment behind it made me really happy. 

──It seems that to Isayama-Sensei, this is how you, Revo-san, appear after all these years working on 'Attack on Titan.'

Revo: It would make me very happy if he felt as if we were "fighting together" or "walking this path together." Of course, the anime played a huge role, but if my music became even a small part of Isayama-San's creative energy, it's truly an honor. As a fan of 'Attack on Titan,' this illustration really warms my heart.

──Looking back, the global impact of the collaboration between 'Attack on Titan' and Linked Horizon is truly immeasurable. 

Revo: I think the true impact of it may only be realized much later. The global reception of Japanese music is completely different now than it was ten years ago. It really feels like "the world has changed" without us even noticing. It's as if "the distance between Japan and the rest of the world has shrunk." With rapid technological advancements in IT, which we find ourselves in the middle of, we're receiving an overwhelming response from all over the world.  However, I'm sure both good and bad aspects will emerge from this looking back. As cultural exchanges accelerate, there will inevitably be friction. If we live in a world where unimaginable praise exists, we must also be prepared for unimaginable criticism. Both sides of the coin always accompany us in these changing times, and I'm sure that the real "next era" is waiting for us in the future. 

──So, you're saying that we haven't really reached the "next era" yet?

Revo: That's right. I think we're still in a transitional period. We need to deepen mutual understanding much more. It's just just about exporting (culture), but also attitudes about importing should be questioned. I don't think it's easy to escape cultural and racial bias, but we live in an age where if you put your heart and soul into something and work hard at it, it's possible for it to reach someone in the world in a remote, distance place. The barriers that existed a long time ago no longer exist. the "next era" may be created by the generation that has grown up seeing both the successes and failures of such creations reaching the world. 

──So, for example, the fact that "Shinzou so Sasageyo!" is sung all over the world is an example of a successful thing that has "reached" people, right?

Revo: I saw a video where someone was playing that song on a street piano in a foreign country, and a passerby stopped to dedicate their hearts, striking the iconic pose. Not everyone knows it, but those who know it "share" something in humanity that goes beyond the community they'd originally grow up belonging to. Conceptually, it could be seen as a new-age anthem. People who love the same things could have the same home there. I'm not talking in geographic terms, but of spiritual ones. It's a concept that we sing in Sound Horizon's National Anthem ("Eikou no Idou Oukoku -The Glory Kingdom-"). I know we've talked about the "next era" and other big things, but it doesn't mean that each one of us is personally removed from it. There's no need to get too worked up about it, but it's a given that I'll just continue to make good music (laughs). I have to do my best!


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Interview with Yokoyan and Revo's Message from "Roman" Perfect Guide Book Translation

Who is illustrator Yokoyan?
(Regarding Sound Horizon's Jacket Illustrations)

Q1: When starting production, do the lyrics come first, or does your illustrations come first?
Yokoyan: The lyrics come first, but sometimes they are not completely finished when I start illustrating. 

Q2: When you receive the lyrics, do you also discuss the settings with Revo-shi?
Yokoyan: Of course.

Q3: The characters this time seem to have a different image compared to the previous work. What is the world view like this time?
Yokoyan: One of the ways to enjoy Sound Horizon is to explore the world yourself by listening to the CD, so I'll keep it a secret. I cannot give out any clues that you can't already find for yourself in the illustrations. 

Q4: Is there a concept or a specific direction that guided this work?
Yokoyan: There is, but it's hard to express. I believe you can find it in the lyrics.

 Q5: Many things are hidden throughout one single album illustration. Where did you get ideas like this from?
Yokoyan: That idea came from the album's various stories being interconnected. 

Q6: How do you and Revo-shi communicate during production?
Yokoyan: We live far away from each other, so we mainly talk over the phone. We exchange data over email. Sometimes we chat a bit in the dressing room before a concert. 

Q7: What materials do you use to create your illustrations?
Yokoyan: Mainly a computer and a pen tablet, using Photoshop software.

Q8: How do you start drawing your illustrations? Do you start by sketching out your plans or do you just start drawing immediately?
Yokoyan: I do both. I don't have a fixed method. 

Q9: Do you listen to the music you're illustrating for while working on your artwork?
Yokoyan: I often listen to the unfinished tracks that are sent to me. Besides that, I don't usually make it a habit to listen to music while I work. 

Q10: Could you tell us about any influences in your art, be they music, novels, or people?
Yokoyan: My parents. 

Q11: If you have any behind-the-scenes stories from this album's production, please share them.
Yokoyan: I don't have any. 

Q12: Please say a few words to the fans and to those who want to start drawing.
Yokoyan: There may be people out there quietly supporting me, so I want to quietly continue to do my best. I also want to quietly support those who would want to start drawing. 

Message from Revo

Approximately a year and a half has passed since I released my last work, and many things have happened in that time. It is after accepting and moving forward with all of those experiences that we have reached this horizon. I have firmly focused on the creative motive and starting point of "expressing stories through music," and even as the scale of the story gets grander and grander, I continue to pay careful attention to the details of the scenery expressed.

I am confident that this has become a work that can be considered a culmination of our efforts at this point.
What is connected and what is not?
Who is lying?
Or is no one lying?
The endlessly rotating morning and night, the repeated cycle of life and death.
Oscillating between reality and fiction; The Fifth Horizon.
Is there a Roman to be found there?

How you interpret this story is up to you.
Salut! Welcome to the revolving fantasy world of "Roman"!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



